Title: 50+ Free Courses for 2022 - Learn from Home - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Here are the eligibility criteria for 50+ free online courses.
Applicants from all nationalities can apply for the free course.
There is no age restriction; people of all ages can apply.
A registered applicant is given full liberty to enroll in any course.
To access the course, you will have to get your account registered.

Benefits :
Here are some benefits of 50+ free online courses:
Courses are online, free and self-paced.
Courses are open for anyone despite their age or nationality.
Certificates are awarded to each candidate after the completion of their course if they upgrade their subscription package (check the official website for more information about certificates).
This program provides knowledge and exposure to widen the student’s thinking tanks.
It is a platform where students can experience professional growth and personality development.

Here is the list of universities and organizations providing 50+ free courses with certificates:
International Council of Museum
University of Leeds and Institute of Coding
Wellcome Connecting Science
British Council, Study UK and The Great Campaign
Accenture
British Council
Samsung
University of Michigan
The University of Edinburgh
Study Melbourne
The LEGO Foundation
King’s College London
University of Reading
The University of Newcastle
The Alliance of Child Protection Humanitarian Action
FutureLearn
Tommy Hilfiger
UK Health Security Agency
Griffith University
The University of Western Australia
RMIT University
Lancaster University and Institute of Coding
John Hopkins University

Application Process:
Applicants have to apply online.
Use your email ID or Facebook Log-in to make an account on FutureLearn.
Provide all your details.
Click on the courses, then select short courses. A long list of short courses will appear; choose Free Digital Upgrades under course subscriptions.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Applicants have to apply online.
Use your email ID or Facebook Log-in to make an account on FutureLearn.
Provide all your details.
Click on the courses, then select short courses. A long list of short courses will appear; choose Free Digital Upgrades under course subscriptions.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.