Title: AI Python for Beginners Free Course 2025 - Opportunities Circle

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you interested in programming and software engineering? If yes, you would not want to miss this free online course. Before applying, go through the eligibility criteria below to ensure you meet all requirements for the AI Python Course for beginners.
Eligibility Criteria for AI Python for Beginners Free Course:
The Python Couse for beginners is open to everyone from across the globe.
It is an introductory level course and does not require any previous qualifications or experience.
Anyone with an interest in Python and programming can apply for the online course,
Moreover, there are no age requirements, anyone can access the AI course for free.
All applicants need to invest 17 hours to complete this course with five hour per week.
Applicants should also have a stable internet connection and a device to access the course.
Similarly, learners to complete the four modules of this course including all assignments.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria and requirements above? If you do, keep on reading the various benefits of this AI course for beginners.
Benefits of AI Python Free Course:
The Artificial Intelligence Python Course is flexible and offers applicants the flexibility to study at their own pace.
It is a beginner level course and does not require any prerequisites.
You can learn Python for free and gain skills such as AI-assisted coding, Python functions, Data structures, Python programming, API interaction and prompt engineering.
It is an excellent programming course and learning opportunity even if you have never programmed before.
Similarly, the Python course also offers a shareable certificate and financial aid.
The AI Course for beginners is perfect even for those who do not have the goal of becoming a software developer or AI engineer.

How to Apply for Financial Aid for AI Python for Beginners Free Course?
Complete the financial aid form to gain free access to the AI Python course and earn a certificate.
Select the course “AI Python for Beginners” when submitting your application.
Proceed by clicking “Next” and provide the required details.
Ensure your application includes at least 150 words.
The review process for your application typically takes around 16 days.
For further details on financial aid, click
here

Application Process:
Want to know how to apply for the AI Python for Beginners Free Course? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your registration process.
Before you apply, ensure you meet all the requirements for this AI free online course.
Click on
enroll for free
option and start learning python for free.
Applicants will have to create an account on Coursera before they apply.
There is no deadline to apply for the AI Python for Beginners Free Course.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Want to know how to apply for the AI Python for Beginners Free Course? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your registration process.
Before you apply, ensure you meet all the requirements for this AI free online course.
Click on
enroll for free
option and start learning python for free.
Applicants will have to create an account on Coursera before they apply.
There is no deadline to apply for the AI Python for Beginners Free Course.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.