Title: Al Qasimi Foundation Internship Program 2025 in UAE - Opportunities Circle

Country:
UAE

Financial coverage:
Paid

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Do you want to do an internship in the Middle East? If yes, you must go through the eligibility criteria and requirements for the Sheikh Saud bin Saqr Al Qasimi Foundation for Policy Research Internship below.
Eligibility Criteria for Al Qasimi Foundation Internship Program in UAE:
The research internship is open to current undergraduate or graduate students from all around the world, studying at an accredited university.
Recent graduates (within the last two years) are also eligible to apply for the Al Qasimi Internship Program.
Moreover, for those whose primary language is not English, a minimum TOEFL iBT score of 85 or IELTS score of 6.5 is a requirement. However, IELTS not required if English is the first language.
All applicants must show a genuine interest in Ras Al Khaimah, the United Arab Emirates and the broader Gulf region.
Similarly, applicants should have their degrees or coursework related to the Foundation’s focus areas, such as public health, education, economic development, urban planning and development, food access and public policy.
Interns with expertise in fields like multimedia, public relations, or translation may also be considered, depending on the Foundation’s specific project needs.
Selection Criteria:
Quality and Professionalism of application and documents
Academic achievement
The extent to which applicants’ interests align with existing Al Qasmi Foundation projects.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria mentioned above? If you do, you would not want to miss this opportunity. Keep on reading the various benefits of the Al Qasimi Foundation Internship Program. Opportunities Circle has compiled a list of benefits below.
Benefits of Al Qasimi Foundation Internship Program 2025:
The Al Qasimi Foundation Internship is a paid internship in UAE that offers a small stipend to cover living expenses.
It also provides furnished accommodation and local transportation. However, interns are responsible for their plane tickets and any other additional costs.
Moreover, the Al Qasimi Internship Program offers students the chance to gain professional experience and contribute significantly to projects that benefit the Ras Al Khaimah community.
Interns will also gain exposure to various aspects of the organization and will get meaningful, hands-on projects that contribute to the Foundation’s community impact.
The Sheikh Saud bin Saqr Al Qasimi Foundation for Policy Research Internship allows for a flexible internship schedule where applicants can specify their preferences.
Al Qasimi Paid Internship is an excellent opportunity to work in UAE and pursue an international internship.

Documents Required for Al Qasimi Internship Program:
Internship application form (click
here
)
CV/resume
Cover letter (outlining why you want to intern with Al Qasimi Foundation)
Official transcripts (current and all completed degrees)
Copy of IELTS or TOEFL score (if applicable)
Two/three referees and their contact details
Academic writing sample

Application Process:
Wondering how to Apply for the Al Qasimi Foundation Internship 2025?
If you want to apply for this UAE Internship, click the ‘apply now’ button below to access the application portal.
Before you apply, make sure you meet all requirements for the Al Qasimi Foundation Internship Program in UAE 2025.
All applicants must complete the online application form and submit the necessary documents as mentioned above.
Since applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, early submissions may be given preference.
Similarly, only applications that meet the minimum requirements will be eligible.
Application Deadline for Al Qasimi Foundation Internship Program:
The deadline to apply for the Al Qasimi Foundation Internship is not mentioned. Apply as early as possible.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Wondering how to Apply for the Al Qasimi Foundation Internship 2025?
If you want to apply for this UAE Internship, click the ‘apply now’ button below to access the application portal.
Before you apply, make sure you meet all requirements for the Al Qasimi Foundation Internship Program in UAE 2025.
All applicants must complete the online application form and submit the necessary documents as mentioned above.
Since applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, early submissions may be given preference.
Similarly, only applications that meet the minimum requirements will be eligible.
Application Deadline for Al Qasimi Foundation Internship Program:
The deadline to apply for the Al Qasimi Foundation Internship is not mentioned. Apply as early as possible.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.