Title: Amazon Data Engineer Internship 2025 in UK | Paid Internship - Opportunities Circle

Country:
UK

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
If you have an interest in data engineering, you must apply for the Amazon Data Engineer Internship 2025 in UK. However, before you apply, make sure to go through the eligibility criteria for these paid internships below.
Eligibility Criteria for Amazon Data Engineer Internship 2025:
The internship is open to people from around the world.
As part of the basic requirements, applicants must be available to work full-time, at least 40 hours per week.
Similarly, interns should be able to commit to a six-month long internship maximum.
Preferred qualifications include familiarity with at least one modern programming language, such as Python, Java, C++, or C#, with a strong understanding of object-oriented design.
Moreover, interns will be responsible to create and manage database schemas and work with both SQL and NoSQL database systems.
They will also collaborate with Data Scientists, Business Analysts, and other team members to spot problems or explore new data opportunities.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If yes, you would not want to miss these Amazon internships. Keep on reading to know more about the various benefits of the 2025 Data Engineer Internship.
Benefits of Amazon Data Engineer Internship:
Amazon offers a range of valuable benefits to its interns, depending on factors such as location, job status and other requirements.
It is a paid internship that offers interns a competitive pay.
Opportunity to contribute to meaningful projects with real-world impact.
Interns will connect and network with other interns across different teams.
Similarly, they will have the chance to take part in special internship events such as guest speaker sessions, panel discussions and skills workshops.
Applicants will have access mentorship and professional development opportunities.
Successful interns may be considered for full-time graduate roles after completing their university studies.
Internship durations typically last around 6 months, with flexible start dates throughout the year.
It is a fantastic UK internship and a chance for interns to work with Amazon.

Application Process:
Want to know how to become an Amazon intern? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application.
The entire process for Amazon Data Engineer Internship 2025 is online.
Before you apply, ensure you meet all the requirements of this international internship.
Applicants will have to create an account on the official portal to apply.
Amazon Data Engineer Internship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for Amazon Data Engineer Internship 2025 in UK is not mentioned.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Want to know how to become an Amazon intern? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application.
The entire process for Amazon Data Engineer Internship 2025 is online.
Before you apply, ensure you meet all the requirements of this international internship.
Applicants will have to create an account on the official portal to apply.
Amazon Data Engineer Internship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for Amazon Data Engineer Internship 2025 in UK is not mentioned.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services