Title: Amazon Launch MBA Internship in Germany 2025 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Germany

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Do you want to get an Amazon MBA Internship? If you do, you must apply for the Launch MBA Internship. However, before you do, go through the eligibility criteria below to ensure you meet all the requirements of this student program.
Eligibility Criteria for Amazon Launch MBA Internship in Germany:
Must be currently enrolled in a full-time MBA program.
Their expected graduation between 7 September 2025 and 30 September 2026.
Applicants should have at least three years of full-time professional experience (excluding internships and part-time roles), gained between completing undergraduate studies and beginning the MBA program; or three years of military experience prior to enrolling in the MBA.
Similarly, Amazon interns must be available for an 8–10 week internship between June and August 2025 (exact dates can be discussed with the recruiter).
As part of the preferred qualifications, applicants should have over four years of professional or military experience before starting the MBA.
Interns should have proficiency in at least one European language (such as German, French, Italian, Spanish or Dutch).
They should also show interest in the tech sector e.g., educational background in computer science or engineering, work experience in a tech firm or start-up, or familiarity with programming/SQL.
Moreover, background in sales or account management will also be beneficial.
Candidates should have a proven ability to think strategically.
Interns should have a strong track record of taking ownership and delivering results.
To be eligible for this internship in Germany, applicants should have the ability to manage multiple tasks.

Benefits :
If you meet the eligibility criteria above, you would not want to miss these internships in Germany 2025. Continue reading to know more about the benefits of applying for this Amazon Internship.
Benefits of Amazon Launch MBA Internship:
Applicants will gain practical experience through this 8–10 week internship within one of Amazon’s diverse business sectors across Europe.
Interns will collaborate with cross-functional teams and business groups to analyze innovative business ideas.
All interns will have the chance to develop a deeper understanding of how Amazon operates across departments and geographies.
Similarly, applicants who successfully complete their Launch internship, may receive a full-time offer for the Launch Program.
It is a fantastic opportunity to pursue an internship in Germany and work at Amazon.

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for Amazon Launch MBA Internship in Germany 2025? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application.
However, before you apply, make sure you meet the requirements if you want to be Launch intern.
Log in with your account or create one to fill your application.
Submit your resume (CV). Cover letters are not required or accepted.
Carefully fill the application form and submit any additional documents, if needed.
The Launch MBA internship can lead to a full-time position in the Launch MBA Program, so pick the internship location where you would like to work full-time.
Amazon Launch MBA Internship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the Amazon Launch MBA Internship in Germany 2025 is not mentioned. Apply as early as possible.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for Amazon Launch MBA Internship in Germany 2025? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application.
However, before you apply, make sure you meet the requirements if you want to be Launch intern.
Log in with your account or create one to fill your application.
Submit your resume (CV). Cover letters are not required or accepted.
Carefully fill the application form and submit any additional documents, if needed.
The Launch MBA internship can lead to a full-time position in the Launch MBA Program, so pick the internship location where you would like to work full-time.
Amazon Launch MBA Internship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the Amazon Launch MBA Internship in Germany 2025 is not mentioned. Apply as early as possible.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.