Title: Anthony Lester Fellowship 2025-2026 | Funding of up to $25,000 - Opportunities Circle

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Deadline:
January 20, 2025

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
If you want to pursue a law fellowship, you must apply for the Lester Fellowship Program. Before you apply, go through the eligibility criteria below to ensure you meet all requirements.
Eligibility Criteria for Anthony Lester Fellowship 2025:
Anthony Lester Fellowships are open to candidates from diverse geographic locations.
The fellowship is open to early-career lawyers and law students.
The project must aim to create a measurable impact in promoting human rights or the rule of law.
Moreover, it should involve practical fieldwork rather than academic or theoretical research.
The project must be feasible, manageable, and realistic in scope.
Similarly, the work should take place in a country other than the applicant’s own, offering them a unique and transformative professional experience.
Applicants should undertake the project at a point in their career where it can significantly influence their professional development.
At the end of the fellowship in USA, fellows will have to give a presentation Bard’s campus in New York.
They will also write a brief report about their project, which Bard College’s Human Rights Project will publish on its website.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If you do, you would not want to miss these paid fellowship in USA. Keep on reading if you want to know more about the benefits this law fellowship offers.
Benefits of Anthony Lester Fellowship:
All fellows will receive a stipend of $25,000 for a project with a minimum duration of three months.
At the end of the Anthony Lester Fellowships, fellows will present their project findings at Bard College’s campus in New York, with travel and accommodation costs fully covered.
Similarly, fellows will write a brief report on their project, which will be published on the Human Rights Project’s website. They may also opt to publish their work elsewhere, if they acknowledge the support received from the Anthony Lester Fellowships at Bard College.
Fellows will also engage in discussions about their work with professionals who collaborated with Anthony Lester at the Odysseus Trust, an organization that supported his legislative initiatives.
It is an excellent fellowship for law students and lawyers from around the world.

Application Process:
Want to know to apply for the Anthony Lester Fellowship? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to go to the official portal.
Before applying, ensure you meet the eligibility criteria and requirements for this law fellowship.
Two fellowships will be awarded for the year 2025-2026.
Make sure to apply before the deadline if you wish to be considered for the Lester Fellowships.
Anthony Lester Fellowship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the Anthony Lester Fellowship is
20 January 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Want to know to apply for the Anthony Lester Fellowship? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to go to the official portal.
Before applying, ensure you meet the eligibility criteria and requirements for this law fellowship.
Two fellowships will be awarded for the year 2025-2026.
Make sure to apply before the deadline if you wish to be considered for the Lester Fellowships.
Anthony Lester Fellowship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the Anthony Lester Fellowship is
20 January 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.