Title: Become the UN Volunteer 2021 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Different

Financial coverage:
Unpaid

Eligible Regions:
Anyone can apply for the program

Deadline:
December 31, 2021

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
The minimum requirements to serve as an international UN volunteer are:
25 years and older (no upper age limit)
University degree or higher technical diploma
At least two years of relevant work experience in a professional training
Good practical knowledge of at least one of the three working languages ​​of the UNV program: English, French or Spanish
commitment to the values ​​and principles of volunteering
Ability to work in a multicultural environment
Willingness to work with local people and organizations to take advantage of the synergies between expert solutions and local knowledge
Ability to adapt in difficult living conditions and sometimes in remote places
strong interpersonal and organizational skills
Previous experience of volunteering and / or work in a developing country is an advantage

Job/Internship Description :
International UN Volunteer assignments generally run for six to 12 months, with the possibility of extending for one to two years.
Short-term assignments are also requested by our partners from time to time. International UN Volunteers are entitled to certain allowances.
Allowances are in no way to be understood as a compensation, reward or salary in exchange for the volunteer work.

Benefits :
The purpose of the assignments is to allow international United Nations Volunteers to maintain a modest and safe standard of living at the destination.
Assignments should not be understood in any way as compensation, reward or salary in exchange for volunteer work.

Application Process:
Here is the link to apply for the program  please visit the official link for more details

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Here is the link to apply for the program  please visit the official link for more details

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.