Title: Biozentrum PhD Fellowships Program 2025 in Switzerland - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Switzerland

Financial coverage:
Partially Funded

Deadline:
May 18, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Does this opportunity to study in Switzerland on a PhD fellowship sound interesting to you? If it does, make sure you go through the eligibility criteria for the Biozentrum PhD Fellowships Program 2025 that Opportunities Circle has compiled for you below.
Eligibility Criteria for Biozentrum PhD Fellowships Program:
Candidates from all around the world are eligible to apply for the Basel Fellowships.
They must be interested in the field of Life Sciences.
Moreover, candidates must have a biomedical or biological sciences, chemistry, physics, mathematics, and/or computer science background.
Candidates must hold or expect to obtain a university degree that qualifies them for entry into a PhD program at the University of Basel. This degree is typically at the Master’s (MSc or equivalent) level.
Highly skilled students with a bachelor’s degree from non-Bologna systems may be considered for an expedited Master’s program at the University of Basel with their fellowship.
To be eligible for the fellowship, candidates must not be currently enrolled as PhD students at the University of Basel, nor should they have entered into a PhD working contract with the University of Basel by the time the fellowship call is announced.
All selected candidates will have to undertake research in at least two labs (rotations) at the Biozentrum.

Benefits :
If you meet the eligibility criteria mentioned above and want to become a Biozentrum PhD Fellow, then do not forget to review the several benefits of this international PhD fellowship in Europe.
Benefits of the University of Basel PhD Fellowships Program:
Candidates will receive an annual stipend for attending conferences, purchasing books, or acquiring a computer.
They will also receive an annual educational trip to a city affiliated with Siemens.
Fellows will have the opportunity to engage in scientific gatherings and network with fellow students and alumni of the Biozentrum Ph.D. Fellowships Program.
Moreover, they will also receive assistance in crafting a personalized CV and preparing postdoctoral applications, with guidance from Biozentrum faculty members on the Program Committee.
The Biozentrum Ph.D. fellowship provides financial assistance for travel expenses related to postdoctoral interviews upon completing the PhD thesis.
This program provides access to state-of-the-art research facilities and laboratories at the Biozentrum.
The University of Basel is known for its international outlook. By participating in the program, candidates gain exposure to a global academic community.
Completing the Biozentrum PhD Fellowships Program at the University of Basel can significantly enhance fellows’ career prospects.
The fellowship also offers a unique opportunity to study in Switzerland while receiving generous financial assistance.

Documents Required for the University of Basel Fellowship:
Diploma or MSc degree certificates, including transcripts with grades, in PDF format.
A curriculum vitae (CV) or scientific resume (limited to one page, also in PDF format.)
Contact details for two referees from prior academic backgrounds, typically faculty members. (These referees must be requested to provide reference letters through the online application portal.)

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for the Biozentrum Fellowships 2025? Click on the
Apply Now
button below to start the application process for the Biozentrum PhD Fellowships.
Explore the research groups or projects available at Biozentrum and identify the one that aligns with your research interests and goals.
Also, ensure you meet the program’s eligibility requirements, including academic qualifications and any other specific criteria that we have previously stated.
Gather all the necessary documents and submit them before the deadline.
Complete the online application form by providing accurate and complete information. This should also include all of your documents.
After submitting your application, you must typically wait for the selection committee’s decision.
Moreover, shortlisted candidates will receive notification by end of June 2025.
Some programs may additionally require an interview as part of the selection process. Do prepare for this if applicable.
Biozentrum PhD Fellowships Summer Call 2025 decision of acceptance will be in the beginning of September 2025.
For more details about the application and selection procedure, click
here
.
Deadline for Biozentrum PhD Fellowships:
The deadline to apply for the Biozentrum PhD fellowships at the University of Basel (Summer Call)  is
18 May 2025
.