Title: Boston University Trustee Scholarship 2025-26 in USA | Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
USA

Financial coverage:
Partially Funded

Deadline:
December 1, 2025

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Want to pursue your undergraduate in the USA for free? Then apply for the Boston University Trustee Scholarship now. The eligibility criteria and requirements for the Boston University scholarships are provided below, read the requirements and start preparing your application.
Eligibility Criteria for the Boston University Trustee Scholarship 2025:
Applicants must have an excellent academic background.
Applicants must be all-rounders to be a part of this scholarship.
Moreover, they should have excellent record of extracurriculars achievements in school and communities.
All applicants should also meet the English language criteria and if they submit test results, they should typically have SAT scores of above 1500 and ACT scores above 33 if they wish to apply for the
Boston University Trustee Scholarship.
Similarly, they must submit a scholarship essay with their application.
The trustee scholarship essay must be 600 words at maximum.
The essay must be on any one of the topics below:
Nobel laureate and BU professor ‘Elie Wiesel’ once said: “There is divine beauty in learning… To learn means to accept that life did not begin at my birth. People have been here before me, and I walk in their footsteps. The books I have read were composed of generations of mothers and daughters, fathers and sons, teachers and disciples. I am the total of their experiences, their quests.” Is there a film thing like a book, podcast or life- experience that has ever made you feel connected to your personal history or identity, and what is the important thing you have learnt from this?
Describe a time/situation when you stepped out of your comfort zone or marginalized/ felt demeaned in a situation. How you tackled/respond to that moment, and how did it inform your actions moving forward?

Benefits :
The funded Boston University Scholarships are a fantastic opportunity, so do not miss this opportunity and try your luck/ because this Boston Trustee Scholarship is full of benefits. Opportunities Circle has listed the benefits below.
Benefits of the Boston University Trustee Scholarship in USA:
International students will get a full tuition fee waiver for their undergraduate degree.
This is a renewable scholarship, so every year scholarship will be renewed for those students who will meet the criteria.
International students will also get additional undergraduate expenses/fee coverage.
Students will get an opportunity to become a part of Boston University.
It is a fantastic chance to gain exposure to international education standards.
International students will get an opportunity to study for free in the USA.
Moreover, the Boston University Trustee Scholarship is a great opportunity to explore American culture.

Documents Required for Boston Trustee Scholars Program 2025:
Common Application
Copy of passport data page
Essay
Secondary school records and senior year grades
Teacher evaluation
Counselor Recommendation and School Report Form
English language proficiency test results
Documentation of financial support

Application Process:
Are you wondering about how to apply for the Boston University Trustee Scholarship in USA? click on the ‘apply now’ button below or visit the official website to apply.
Applicants must submit a regular admission application form at Boston University through the common application.
International students must meet all the conditions/requirements for the undergraduate program and scholarship in USA 2025-2026.
Students must enroll for an undergraduate degree program and submit the Trustee Scholarship essay along with the required documents with their complete application form.
You can check more information and other scholarships/financial aid options available at Boston University
here
.
Application Deadline for the Boston University Trustee Scholarships:
The deadline to apply for the Boston University Trustee Scholarship 2025 in the USA is
1 December 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Are you wondering about how to apply for the Boston University Trustee Scholarship in USA? click on the ‘apply now’ button below or visit the official website to apply.
Applicants must submit a regular admission application form at Boston University through the common application.
International students must meet all the conditions/requirements for the undergraduate program and scholarship in USA 2025-2026.
Students must enroll for an undergraduate degree program and submit the Trustee Scholarship essay along with the required documents with their complete application form.
You can check more information and other scholarships/financial aid options available at Boston University
here
.
Application Deadline for the Boston University Trustee Scholarships:
The deadline to apply for the Boston University Trustee Scholarship 2025 in the USA is
1 December 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.