Title: Brand Management Course by the University of London - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you interested in Brand Management courses? If yes, you must apply for the Brand Management: Aligning Business, Brand and Behaviour course.  However, before you apply, go through the eligibility criteria for this University of London course to ensure you meet the requirements.
Eligibility Criteria for Brand Management Course by the University of London:
Anyone from around the world can sign up for this online course on Coursera.
There are no prerequisites for this course and no previous experience is necessary.
Moreover, you must have access to the internet.
Interested applicants will have to complete all modules and assignments to be eligible for the certificate.

Benefits :
Benefits of Free Brand Management Online Course:
Opportunity to study an online course from the University of London, one of the best universities and business schools in the UK.
Applicants will gain knowledge about Corporate Branding, Brand Marketing, Brand Management and Brand Identity.
Similarly, they can study at their own pace and have a flexible schedule,
This course can benefit applicants’ career through a pay increase, a notable benefit or allowing them to change careers or industries.
It is one of the best branding and marketing courses.

How to Apply for Financial Aid for the University of London Brand Management Course?
Applicants must complete the financial aid/support form to access the course at no cost and earn a certificate.
Choose “Brand Management: Aligning Business, Brand and Behaviour” for financial support.
Click on NEXT, then continue to the application.
Make sure your financial aid application meets the minimum word count of 150 words.
Allow 16 days for your application to be reviewed.
For further information on how to apply for financial aid on Coursera, click
here
.

Application Process:
To apply for this London Business School Course, make an account on Coursera.
Ensure you meet the eligibility criteria and requirements before applying.
Moreover, applicants must be willing to allocate 17 hours to complete this course.
Sign up for the free course by clicking “
Enroll for Free
.” Select ‘full course, no certificate’ and continue to start learning. If you wish to get a certificate, upgrade or apply for financial aid.
There is no deadline to apply.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
To apply for this London Business School Course, make an account on Coursera.
Ensure you meet the eligibility criteria and requirements before applying.
Moreover, applicants must be willing to allocate 17 hours to complete this course.
Sign up for the free course by clicking “
Enroll for Free
.” Select ‘full course, no certificate’ and continue to start learning. If you wish to get a certificate, upgrade or apply for financial aid.
There is no deadline to apply.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services