Title: Brower Youth Awards 2025 for Environmental Leadership | Win up to $3,000 - Opportunities Circle

Financial coverage:
Paid

Deadline:
May 20, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you a passionate youth leader? If yes, you must apply for these international awards. However, before you apply, go through the eligibility criteria below to make sure you meet all the requirements for these youth environmental awards.
Eligibility Criteria for Brower Youth Awards 2025:
Applicants must be youth environmental change leaders between the ages 13 and 22 (as of the application deadline) living in North America, including Mexico, Canada, and U.S. territories.
The awards mainly recognize individuals who lead groups or initiatives.
Projects that are one-time efforts or solely research-based, such as science fair projects, are generally not eligible.
However, if a research project is part of an ongoing environmental initiative involving a larger group, it may be considered.
Selection Criteria:
Outstanding Youth Leadership
Project Impact, Scalability and Replicability
Issue and Approach
Personal Commitment, Charisma and Trajectory

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If you do, you would not want to miss this leadership program. Continue reading to know more about the various benefits the Brower Youth Awards offer participants.
Benefits of Brower Youth Awards:
The Youth Leadership Award offers cash prizes to winners along with many other benefits.
Winners will receive a $3,000 cash prize in recognition of their impactful environmental leadership.
A short film is also produced about their work to highlight their contributions to the environmental movement.
Similarly, winners will get a trip to participate in leadership development activities, flight, meals and lodging accommodations.
Participants will gain valuable skills and insights to further their initiatives.
After the event, awardees become part of a global network of over 100 young leaders, connecting with changemakers who want to make a difference on an international level.

Brower Youth Awards Requirements:
Photograph of yourself
Letter of support from someone who is familiar with the applicant and their environmental work, cannot be from a parent or guardian (if selected as a semifinalist)

Application Process:
Want to know how to apply for Brower Youth Awards 2025 for Environmental Leadership? Lick the ‘apply now’ button below to access the application portal.
The entire application process is online.
Before you apply, ensure you meet all the requirements and criteria for this leadership award.
Similarly, a panel of judges will review all applications and select the semifinalists.
Semifinalists will be invited to participate in a video call and will need to provide a letter of support from their recommender.
The program will notify all applicants about their status.
Make sure to apply before the deadline.
Brower Youth Awards Deadline:
The deadline to apply for Brower Youth Awards 2025 is
20 May 2025
.