Title: Business Development Manager Job Opportunity - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Pakistan

Financial coverage:
Paid

Eligible Regions:
Islamabad

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Here are the criteria for Business Development Manager:
Candidates must be residing in Islamabad.
They must have good interpersonal and leadership skills.
Candidates must be good at decision-making and working individually.
Candidates must have good team management skills.
Furthermore, they must be proficient in both English writing and spoken English.
Proficient in Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint.
Good planning and organizing skills.
Ability to meet tight deadlines.
Candidates must be able to communicate their ideas.

Job/Internship Description :
Candidates must proactively identify and respond to the needs of students and/or educational institutions.
They must be able to gather, disseminate and share best practices.
Work with clients to solve their problems using education theory.
Be able to present your ideas and solutions in an effective way.
Use, develop and support assistive technologies.
Work to a professional code of ethics and remain impartial.
Your responsibilities will also often include organizing or facilitating events and workshops.
Developing teaching and learning materials.

Benefits :
Here are the benefits of working with Opportunities circle:
The organization will provide a good stipend/salary.
Opportunity to work with an international youth organization.
Exposure to the professional working environment.
Gain work experience.
Improve your networking by working with an international organisation.

Application Process:
The application process for the paid internship is online.
Click/tap on the “
Apply Now
” option below, fill in the form.
Provide the correct information as the form cannot be edited.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
The application process for the paid internship is online.
Click/tap on the “
Apply Now
” option below, fill in the form.
Provide the correct information as the form cannot be edited.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.