Title: Canon Video Grant 2025 | Up to €8,000 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online/France

Financial coverage:
Paid

Deadline:
May 27, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you looking for photography competitions? If you are, you must apply for the Canon Video Grant. However, before you apply for this photo award, make sure to go through the eligibility criteria below.
Eligibility Criteria for Canon Video Grant 2025:
The grant is open to videographers/photojournalists who wish to cover a social, economic, cultural, or political subject in a journalistic manner.
Applicants must be professional photojournalists, documentary and video makers.
Moreover, candidates should have completed at least one reportage (broadcast or not)
All applicants must be able to write and speak in English or French.
An international jury will judge the project based on the professional qualities of the applicants and the relevance of the project.
Applicants must ensure that the submitted video reportage is entirely original and has not been created or altered using any artificial intelligence tools, including generative AI or generative fill features.
Similarly, if awarded the grant, the applicant agrees not to submit the same project for any other award or grant until it is showcased at the Visa Pour l’Image – Perpignan Festival in 2025.
The grant recipient should commit to being present in Perpignan in early September 2025 to attend the evening screening at the 37th International Festival of Photojournalism.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If yes, you would not want to miss these international photography grants. Keep on reading to know more about the various benefits of this grant for photographers. Opportunities Circle has listed the benefits below.
Benefits of Canon Video Grant:
The program offers a generous grant to support the winner.
There is no fee to enter in this photography award.
Selected applicant will receive a financial grant of €8,000 to support the development of their video reporting project.
Moreover, the recipient will also have access to Canon professional video equipment provided on a temporary loan basis.
The awarded project will be introduced through a teaser presentation at the September 2025 event.
The final version will be officially screened at the 2026 edition of the Perpignan Festival.
It is a fantastic award for photographers and photojournalists interested in a short film documentary.

Canon Video Grant Requirements:
Signed application form
Copy of passport or identity card
Affidavit stating that the candidate is a professional photojournalist
CV
Note of intention and treatment of the application including a synopsis with description of video project (maximum 2 pages)
Projected budget for the video reportage
Complete video report

Application Process:
Are you thinking about how to apply for the Canon Video Grant 2025? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application.
Ensure you meet all the requirements of this photography grant.
All applicants must submit a complete application dossier with all the documents as mentioned above.
For more information, click
here
.
Make sure to apply before the deadline.
Canon Video Grant Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the Canon Video Grant 2025 is
27 May 2025
.