Title: CERN Short Term Internship 2025 in Switzerland | Paid Internship in Europe - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Switzerland

Financial coverage:
Paid

Eligibility Criteria :
CERN short-term paid internship program in Switzerland is one of the top internships in Europe for international students. You must also avail this opportunity to gain valuable experience; before that, check the criteria below to ensure your eligibility.
Eligibility Criteria for Short-Term Internship in Switzerland 2025:
Applicants must be full-time undergraduate (post-secondary) students and are at least 18 years old.
Please note that candidates currently studying for a PhD are not eligible for this paid European internship program.
Your main field of study is in one of the following areas: applied physics, computing, mathematics, electricity, electronics, mechanical or civil engineering, instrumentation, materials science, radiation protection, safety and environmental protection, surveying, ultra-high vacuum, and scientific communication. Or administrative fields that include translation, advanced secretarial work, accounting, legal services, human resources, librarianship, and logistics.
Applicants must have good knowledge of English or French.

Benefits :
You have read about the criteria and requirements; now check what you will get if you are selected for the CERN paid internship in Europe. The benefits are listed below. Go through these benefits offered by the CERN internship program and have the chance to become a CERN intern.
CERN Short Term Internship Benefits:
Interns will receive a monthly allowance of 1,577 Swiss francs. Please note that the cost of living in Geneva is high, and this allowance is just a supplement.
Opportunity to gain hands-on experience by working in one of the European countries.
This internship will be an excellent addition to the intern’s Resume!
Furthermore, it is an excellent opportunity to improve your network and grow professionally in your respective career.
Opportunity to live in Switzerland for a short period.
Explore European culture and work at CERN.

CERN Internship Requirements:
The following documents are required for the Paid Internship in Switzerland:
A CV in English or French.
A reference letter from the current Institute.
Evidence of enrollment in Technical/Administrative diploma, Bachelor, or Master degree programs.

Application Process:
The application process for the CERN short term internship 2025 is online.
How to Apply for CERN Short-Term Internship 2025 in Switzerland?
Click on the Apply Now button below.
Then click on I’m interested option and start your application process.
Students must provide all their personal information correctly.
They must fill in all the required fields.
Submit an updated CV that contains your achievements as well.
Applicants can apply for the CERN short term internship anytime throughout the year.
Make sure you have your CV in hand as you start your application.
Once submitted, you cannot upload additional documents or edit your application.
CERN Short Term Internship 2025 Deadline:
Applications for CERN short term internship 2025 are open throughout the year. Students can apply for the CERN short term internship in Switzerland at any time, however, apply as soon as possible.