Title: Colombia Government Scholarship 2025 | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Colombia

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Deadline:
June 13, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Do you want to pursue your studies in Colombia? Apply now for the Colombian Scholarship program. However, before starting the application process, check the requirements and eligibility criteria of this unique international government scholarship.  Opportunities Circle has compiled a list below.
Eligibility Criteria for the Colombia Government Scholarship 2025-26:
International students from all around the world can apply for the Colombia Government Scholarship 2025-2.
Applicants must not be nationals of Colombia.
Furthermore, they must not be present or have lived in Colombia in the last six months before applying for this ICETEX scholarship.
Applicants must not have any marital relationship in Colombia.
Students must not be over 50 years of age in order to be eligible for the Colombian Government Scholarship.
Applicant must have an undergraduate, equivalent or professional degree.
Applicant must have a cumulative general average in undergraduate of 4.0 out of 5.0.
Applicants can apply for up to 3 different courses (add up to 3 choices).
IELTS is not mandatory for the Colombia government scholarship.
After selection, scholarship recipients must provide the Certificate of Migratory Movements.
Applicant must not have been a beneficiary of ICETEX through the Beca Colombia program.
Selection Criteria for Colombia Scholarships for International Students:
Professional experience (30%)
Academic excellence (30%)
Reciprocity of cooperation of the country of origin (10%)
Geographic location of the Colombian Teaching Center (20%)

Benefits :
The Colombian Government Scholarship 2025 is a fully funded scholarship program. This postgraduate scholarship program will provide a number of benefits and offers financial support to all international students. All the benefits of the fully funded scholarship in Colombia are listed below.
Benefits of the Colombia Government Scholarship 2025:
It is a fully funded postgraduate scholarship and includes full tuition fee coverage for graduate programs.
The Colombia Scholarship 2025 will also provide health policy/medical insurance.
Scholarship recipients will get a courtesy visa from the Colombian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Students will also get living expenses/monthly support.
Moreover, they will receive installation expenses in Colombia.
The scholars will get a Foreigner Identification Card and a one-time grant of COP 250,000 to cover expenses related to the issuance of the foreigner’s identification card.

Documents Required for Colombia Government Scholarship:
Letter of pre-admission or final admission from the university
Undergraduate or bachelor’s degree transcripts
A two-page academic essay that shows the importance of your studies in Colombia.
Copy of university degrees or diplomas
Letter of motivation and prioritization
A copy of the valid passport
Certificate of professional experience
Health certificate

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for the Colombia Foreigners Scholarship? Visit the official website or click the ‘apply now’ button below.
Applicants will be directed to the official website from which they can apply.
All applicants must submit their application online by submitting their online application through the ICETEX platform.
They must provide all the supporting documents along with the online application.
Moreover, applicants must guarantee the validity of the documentation provided for the Colombia Foreign Scholarships.
If the records provided by the applicant appear misleading, the application will be immediately rejected.
The Scholarship Committee will proceed to award the scholarships, depending on the availability of
resources.
Application Deadline for the Colombia Government Scholarship 2025:
The deadline to apply for the Colombia Government Scholarship 2025-26 is
13
June 2025
.

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for the Colombia Foreigners Scholarship? Visit the official website or click the ‘apply now’ button below.
Applicants will be directed to the official website from which they can apply.
All applicants must submit their application online by submitting their online application through the ICETEX platform.
They must provide all the supporting documents along with the online application.
Moreover, applicants must guarantee the validity of the documentation provided for the Colombia Foreign Scholarships.
If the records provided by the applicant appear misleading, the application will be immediately rejected.
The Scholarship Committee will proceed to award the scholarships, depending on the availability of
resources.
Application Deadline for the Colombia Government Scholarship 2025:
The deadline to apply for the Colombia Government Scholarship 2025-26 is
13
June 2025
.