Title: Free Course On Scientific Research Paper Writing, Tsinghua University - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Eligible Regions:
Anyone can apply

Deadline:
December 31, 2020

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Anyone who is interested to learn how to write a research paper is welcome to apply
The students who have an interest in doing research in the future  should see the course

Benefits :
This course is free.

Topics this course will cover
How to write papers in English
Best practices for making presentations in English
Experiences and advice on scientific research
Benefits of taking part in an academic community

Application Process:
Please follow the link below to apply

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Please follow the link below to apply

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.