Title: Cyprus International University Scholarships 2025 | Study in Turkey - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Cyprus

Financial coverage:
Partially Funded

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you searching for a scholarship program to start your higher studies? Then, this CIU scholarship is for you, but first, check the eligibility criteria. Opportunities Circle has listed the criteria below.
Eligibility Criteria of Cyprus University Scholarships 2025:
International students from all over the world can apply regardless of sex, race, color and religion.
In order to be eligible, the student must submit a complete application form.
If the applicant is applying for a CIU undergraduate scholarship, he/she must be able to submit the diploma/certificate of his/her high school or equivalent.
If applying for postgraduate programs (master’s or PhD), the applicant must provide the Bachelor’s degree diploma/ certificate and official transcripts of the last attended university degree.
Complete signed CIU rules and regulations documents must be submitted with the application.
The applicant must be competent in English; if the applicant does not have IELTS or TOEFL, there is no need to worry. They can still apply and undertake proficiency tests after selection and arriving on CIU campus.
The applicant is applying for a Master’s and Ph.D. scholarship must have obtained a Bachelor’s degree with a CGPA of 3.5 or above.
Make sure to check and meet the
admission requirements
before starting your application process.

Benefits :
Before applying for this CIU Scholarship program, check the financial Coverage and benefits provided by the Cyprus International University Scholarships 2025 in Europe.
Benefits of the Cyprus International University Scholarships 2025:
The CIU Scholarships offers 50%, 75%, or 100% scholarships to international students or reduced tuition fees based on their academic merit.
The Cyprus International University Scholarships provide a wide range of scholarships for international students, which are mentioned below:
International Undergraduate Student Scholarship
: A 50% tuition fee will be granted to successful candidates.
Academic Scholarship:
A scholarship of 50% to 100% tuition fees will be awarded based on academic merit.
CUI Sports Scholarships
: The sports scholarships will be awarded to applicants willing to be a part of the university’s sports team or who have already performed in national teams.
Graduate Scholarships 2025
: The CIU graduate scholarships will be awarded to students applying for a master’s and Ph.D. program at Cyprus International University.
The scholarships in Turkey for international students are an amazing opportunity for them to pursue their studies in Europe with less financial burden.
Students will get to explore European culture and learn from professionals.
Students can also join the Accommodation Loyalty Program. If they want to stay on campus for more than one year, they can get 15-30% discounts on their accommodation fees, according to their study year.

CIU Scholarship Required Documents:
Application Form
Scanned copy of Passport/Birth Certificate.
CV (for postgraduate programs)
PhD research proposal (only for PhD)
Complete signed CIU rules and regulations documents

Application Process:
Click the Apply Now button below to start your application for the CIU scholarship 2025.
Applicants must register themselves on the official website first.
Fill out the application form carefully.
Select your degree level and program.
Upload all the required documents.
Submit your application before the CIU scholarships Deadline.
Cyprus International University Scholarship Deadline:
There is no deadline mentioned for the Cyprus International University Scholarships 2025. So apply now before the applications get close.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Click the Apply Now button below to start your application for the CIU scholarship 2025.
Applicants must register themselves on the official website first.
Fill out the application form carefully.
Select your degree level and program.
Upload all the required documents.
Submit your application before the CIU scholarships Deadline.
Cyprus International University Scholarship Deadline:
There is no deadline mentioned for the Cyprus International University Scholarships 2025. So apply now before the applications get close.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.