Title: DAAD EPOS Scholarship 2026-27 in Germany | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Germany

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
Students from Developing Countries.

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
There’s no better scholarship than DAAD Scholarships for international students who want to study free in Germany. However, before you start your application process, check the criteria of the fully funded DAAD EPOS scholarship below.
Eligibility Criteria for the DAAD EPOS Scholarship 2026 in Germany:
Applicant should hold a four-year bachelor’s degree or equivalent in an appropriate subject.
Applicants must have at least two years of relevant professional work experience.
Applicants must be from Developing Countries. You can find the list of eligible countries
here
.
To be eligible for the EPOS DAAD Scholarship, applicants must have a motivation for this EPOS scholarship, and they can prove it.
Moreover, applicants must have achieved excellent academic records for this fully funded Germany scholarship.
The applicants’ academic degrees should not be more than six years old.
Applicants must also meet certain requirements of the universities to which they are applying.
Applicants should meet a certain level of English language proficiency. Remember, only original certificates of the scores will be accepted.
TOEFL paper-based – 550 score
TOEFL computer-based – 213 score
TOEFL internet-based – 80 score
IELTS – 6 band overall
Students should also check with the institute/university they’re applying to to see if they require proof of English proficiency.

Benefits :
Did you check the eligibility criteria for the fully funded European scholarship, and now you want to know more about the DAAD scholarship for international students in Germany? Opportunities Circle has listed the benefits of this scholarship in Europe in this section.
Benefits of the DAAD EPOS Scholarship for Developing Countries 2026:
Applicants receive 992 euros as a monthly stipend for their master’s degree.
Applicants of doctoral degrees receive a 1,300 euro monthly stipend.
Students will also get a travel allowance.
Additionally, health, accident, and personal liability insurance will be covered.
A monthly rent subsidy will also be provided.
Scholars can also get a monthly allowance for accompanying members of the family.
DAAD EPOS 2026 is an opportunity to study in Germany for free.

Required Documents for DAAD Postgraduate Scholarships for Developing Countries:
DAAD Application Form
.
CV (
Europass Format
).
Letter of motivation, maximum two pages.
The certificate (s) of Employment from the employer(s) shows at least two years of work experience after the degree.
Proof of Language Skills.
Copies of higher education degree certificates.
Copy of full set of transcript of records.
Some courses may require additional documents. For more information, please check the relevant course description in the official brochure and websites.

Application Process:
The application process for the fully funded DAAD EPOS Scholarship 2026 is online.
Applications must be sent directly to the respective University. Applications sent to the DAAD will not be considered or forwarded to the appropriate courses.
Applicants must send their complete application with all the required documents directly to the appropriate postgraduate course.
Applicants can apply for up to three postgraduate courses. If they choose more than one course, they must mention the list of courses in order of priority in the DAAD application form.
The application must be submitted in English or German.
A selection committee will suggest the potential applicants for this DAAD EPOS scholarship in Germany.
DAAD will contact the suggested applicants to upload their complete application to the DAAD Portal.
Make sure that you have a copy of each application document ready in PDF files, as those documents have to be uploaded to the DAAD Portal in case the applicant is suggested for the DAAD scholarship 2026.
Make sure to apply before the DAAD EPOS scholarship 2026 application deadline.
DAAD EPOS Scholarship Deadline:
The application deadline for the DAAD EPOS scholarship 2026 is different for each program, so make sure to check the details of each program before you apply.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
The application process for the fully funded DAAD EPOS Scholarship 2026 is online.
Applications must be sent directly to the respective University. Applications sent to the DAAD will not be considered or forwarded to the appropriate courses.
Applicants must send their complete application with all the required documents directly to the appropriate postgraduate course.
Applicants can apply for up to three postgraduate courses. If they choose more than one course, they must mention the list of courses in order of priority in the DAAD application form.
The application must be submitted in English or German.
A selection committee will suggest the potential applicants for this DAAD EPOS scholarship in Germany.
DAAD will contact the suggested applicants to upload their complete application to the DAAD Portal.
Make sure that you have a copy of each application document ready in PDF files, as those documents have to be uploaded to the DAAD Portal in case the applicant is suggested for the DAAD scholarship 2026.
Make sure to apply before the DAAD EPOS scholarship 2026 application deadline.
DAAD EPOS Scholarship Deadline:
The application deadline for the DAAD EPOS scholarship 2026 is different for each program, so make sure to check the details of each program before you apply.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

For More Queries :
If you have any queries please contact the  official team of DAAD through official link