Title: Data Science and Machine Learning Free Online Course at University California, Berkeley - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
Anyone from any part of the world can apply for the course

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Here are the eligibility criteria for the Data Science and Machine Learning Free Online Course
Anyone who is interested in this field can join the course.
This course is fundamental so you don’t need to be a programmer to learn this course.

Benefits :
Here is what you will get in this course
Fundamental concepts of machine learning
Linear regression, correlation and regression phenomenon to the mean
Basic probability and Bayes theorem
Classification using the k nearest neighbors algorithm
How to Compare and Evaluate the Accuracy of Machine Learning Models

Application Process:
Please follow the link below to apply for the program

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Please follow the link below to apply for the program

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.