Title: Eliza Moore Fellowship 2026 | Up to $10,000 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
USA

Financial coverage:
Paid

Deadline:
May 31, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
If you are an artist interested in creative fellowships, you must the Eliza Moore Fellowship in USA. However, before you do, make sure to go through the eligibility criteria and requirements below.
Eligibility Criteria for Eliza Moore Fellowship 2026:
The fellowship is open to early-career artists such as visual artists, literary artists, dancers and musicians.
Early-career artists who are not enrolled in an undergraduate degree program in 2026 are eligible to apply.
Ideal applicants are those who have a proven track record of professionalism but are under-recognized in their field.
Moreover, early-career applicants should have some recognition through exhibitions, commissions, performances, grant awards, residencies, fellowships or publications.
Artists with various solo exhibitions or those who have published multiple books will be considered established or late-career and are not eligible for the OSGF Fellowship.
Similarly, Eliza Moore fellows must be self-motivated and capable of working independently during their residency.
All fellows should show a strong commitment to their artistic practice, a clear connection to nature in their work, exceptional creative potential and strong communication skills.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility requirements above? If you do, you would not want to miss these fellowships in USA 2025. Keep on reading to know more about the financial coverage and benefits the Oak Spring Garden Fellowship offers.
Benefits of Eliza Moore Fellowship:
The Fellowship for Artistic Excellence is a paid fellowship that provides generous financial coverage.
It offers a $10,000 grant that can be used to cover travel expenses, materials and supplies essential for the residency, as well as other costs that support the artist’s work before or after their stay at OSGF.
The foundation will provide ground transportation. However, the fellow is responsible for arranging travel to Dulles International Airport.
Similarly, the USA fellowship also provides shared accommodation where the fellow will have a private bedroom and bathroom while sharing common spaces like the living room and kitchen with one to three other Fellows or Residents.
It is a fantastic paid USA fellowship that provides international exposure and various optional field trips and activities.

Eliza Moore Fellowship Requirements:
CV/resume
200-300 word statement on your artistic practice
Statement of 200-300 words explaining how your work relates to OSGF’s mission
Work samples (varies depending on the nature of work such as visual artists, writers, filmmakers, musicians, dancers, poets/playwrights)

Application Process:
Are you thinking about how to apply for the Eliza Moore Fellowship? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application.
Before you apply, ensure you meet all requirements and criteria.
There is one application for all 2025-2026 residency and fellowship programs. Therefore, applicants must choose the Eliza Moore Fellowship for Artistic Excellence when applying.
Similarly, fellows will be selected through a review process. The main criteria for selection include quality of work samples, potential of the applicant, and applicant’s current work’s relationship to the OSGF mission.
Make sure to apply before the deadline.
Eliza Moore Fellowship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for Eliza Moore Fellowship 2026 is
31 May 2025
.

Application Process:
Are you thinking about how to apply for the Eliza Moore Fellowship? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application.
Before you apply, ensure you meet all requirements and criteria.
There is one application for all 2025-2026 residency and fellowship programs. Therefore, applicants must choose the Eliza Moore Fellowship for Artistic Excellence when applying.
Similarly, fellows will be selected through a review process. The main criteria for selection include quality of work samples, potential of the applicant, and applicant’s current work’s relationship to the OSGF mission.
Make sure to apply before the deadline.
Eliza Moore Fellowship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for Eliza Moore Fellowship 2026 is
31 May 2025
.