Title: Entrepreneurship World Cup 2025 | Up to $1.5 Million - Opportunities Circle

Financial coverage:
Paid

Deadline:
June 30, 2025

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
If you are an entrepreneur with a startup, you must apply for the Entrepreneurship World Cup. However, before you do, make sure to go through the eligibility criteria and requirements of this international competition below.
Eligibility Criteria for Entrepreneurship World Cup 2025:
The EWC is open to all entrepreneurs, including those looking to start or scale their ventures.
Startups from any country are eligible to participate.
Applicants must have a legally registered startup or plan to register in their country of residence.
The startup must be less than 10 years old as of the Global Finals, based on the official registration date, not the idea’s conception.
Previous EWC Global Winners (2019-2024) who received cash prizes can apply again in 2025 but must compete in a different prize category than before.
Winners of the Growth Stage prize are not eligible to participate in 2025.
Moreover, other past winners or category winners can apply but cannot compete for the same placement.
All applicants will follow the same selection process, with no fast-track advantage for previous winners.
Employees of the organizing entities, including affiliates, subsidiaries, promotional agencies, suppliers, and their immediate family members, are not eligible to participate.
Similarly, the applicant team member representing the company must be at least 18 years old, except for those applying in the Idea Stage category, which has no age restriction.
For more details about individual category requirements, click
here
.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If yes, you would not want to miss this paid competition. Keep reading to know more about the various benefits this entrepreneurship award offers and the prizes you can get.
Benefits of the Entrepreneurship World Cup 2025:
The international competition offers cash prizes to all winners, including a total of $1.5 million in cash or investment.
It also provides in-kind support for the top 100 global finalists.
There is no entry fee, applicants can apply free of cost.
The EWC 2025 is a fantastic business competition that provides networking opportunities, resources and mentorship.
Global Finals Cash Prizes (Early Stage):
Early Stage Champion: $250,000
2nd Place: $200,000
3rd Place: $150,000
4th Place: $100,000
5th Place: $50,000
Global Finals Cash Prizes (Growth Stage):
Growth Stage Champion: $175,000
2nd Place: $100,000
Global Finals Cash Prizes (Sector-specific):
SpaceTech for Mining: $100,000
SpaceTech for Sports Analytics: $100,000
SpaceTech for Health Monitoring: $100,000
SpaceTech for Agriculture + Resource Management: $100,000
Global Finals Cash Prizes (Idea Stage):
Idea Stage Champion: $50,000
2nd Place: $25,000

Application Process:
Want to know how to apply for the Entrepreneurship World Cup 2025? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application process.
Before applying, ensure you meet the eligibility criteria and requirements.
Carefully fill the application form and submit any documents required.
EWC 2025 selections will be made in July 2025.
Similarly, the EWC Global finals will take Place in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia in November 2025.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis, so make sure to apply as early as possible.
Entrepreneurship World Cup Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the Entrepreneurship World Cup 2025 is
30 June 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Want to know how to apply for the Entrepreneurship World Cup 2025? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application process.
Before applying, ensure you meet the eligibility criteria and requirements.
Carefully fill the application form and submit any documents required.
EWC 2025 selections will be made in July 2025.
Similarly, the EWC Global finals will take Place in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia in November 2025.
Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis, so make sure to apply as early as possible.
Entrepreneurship World Cup Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the Entrepreneurship World Cup 2025 is
30 June 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.