Title: EPFL Excellence Fellowships 2025 in Switzerland | Study in Europe - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Switzerland

Financial coverage:
Partially Funded

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you looking for a scholarship program to study abroad? If yes, then this fellowship opportunity in Europe is for you. Before starting the application process, check the requirements of the EPFL Excellence Fellowships in Switzerland 2025. Details are listed in this section.
Eligibility Criteria EPFL Excellence Fellowships 2025 in Switzerland:
Anyone from any nationality and any part of the world can apply for the EPFL Fellowship in Switzerland.
Applicant must have a strong academic record.
Applicants are required to declare all the other scholarships they are receiving during their master’s.
Applicant must be enrolled in masters for the very first time. You shouldn’t be applying for a second master’s degree.
Applicants should also distinguish themselves in extracurricular activities, like sporting, civic, artistic, entrepreneurial, or any other.

Benefits :
Ready to start the application process? Before that, check the benefits and financial coverage of this EPFL Excellence Fellowships 2025. Opportunities circle has listed the benefits of an EFLP-funded fellowship for international students in 2025 below.
Benefits of the EPFL Master’s Fellowships in Switzerland 2025:
The scholarship grants are valued at CHF 10,000 per semester to the selected fellows for a maximum of 4 semesters of the degree program.
Students will receive a free room reservation (for external candidates only).
They will get a chance for international networking and job opportunities.
A certificate of excellence (at the end of the master’s program)
Fellows will be responsible to cover all other expenses on their own (tuition fees, rents, etc.).
An opportunity to get international learning experience.
A chance to explore Europe and its culture.

Documents required for the EPFL Switzerland Fellowships 2025:
CV
Two letters of recommendation from relevant professors.
Motivation letter.
Transcripts showing your grades.

Application Process:
The application process for the EPFL Excellence Fellowships 2025 is online.
The external applicants (those who have their bachelor’s from any abroad university) can apply for the excellence fellowship on the same master’s application form by selecting the box that asks whether to apply for the scholarship along with the degree or not.
In the case of external applicants, no additional documents other than the required documents for the application.
In the case of internal applicants (students with Bachelor’s degrees completed at EPFL), the section might ask you, or you can apply to the area.
In the case of internal applicants, supporting documents are required.
Complete your application form for the fellowship program carefully and submit it.
EPFL Excellence Fellowships Application Deadline:
The EPFL Excellence Fellowships application deadline for the year 2025 is different for both external and international candidates. For external candidates, the deadline is March 31, 2025, and for internal candidates, there are different deadlines depending on the field. Please check the official website.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
The application process for the EPFL Excellence Fellowships 2025 is online.
The external applicants (those who have their bachelor’s from any abroad university) can apply for the excellence fellowship on the same master’s application form by selecting the box that asks whether to apply for the scholarship along with the degree or not.
In the case of external applicants, no additional documents other than the required documents for the application.
In the case of internal applicants (students with Bachelor’s degrees completed at EPFL), the section might ask you, or you can apply to the area.
In the case of internal applicants, supporting documents are required.
Complete your application form for the fellowship program carefully and submit it.
EPFL Excellence Fellowships Application Deadline:
The EPFL Excellence Fellowships application deadline for the year 2025 is different for both external and international candidates. For external candidates, the deadline is March 31, 2025, and for internal candidates, there are different deadlines depending on the field. Please check the official website.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.