Title: Erasmus Mundus Scholarship 2025 | Fully Funded | Study Free in Europe - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Europe

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
Students from any part of the world can apply including Pakistan, India, Bangladesh, Brazil Kenya etc

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Do you want to become one of the Erasmus Mundus 2025 scholars? Apply for the EMJMD. But before starting the application, check the Erasmus Mundus Scholarship criteria and requirements provided below.
Eligibility Criteria for Erasmus Mundus Scholarship 2025-26:
Category A
You are an international student who is not from a European country.
You are not a resident of any 27 European Union member states, Iceland, Norway or Liechtenstein.
You have not carried out your main activity (studies, work, private visits, tourism, etc.) for more than a total of 12 months over the last five years in any of the 27 European Union Member States, Iceland, Norway or Liechtenstein.
You have not applied to more than 3 Erasmus Mundus Joint Masters.
There is no specific criteria for the CGPA and academic record. However, students must have good academic record to improve their chances of selection, as the Erasmus fully funded scholarship is a highly competitive and the most prestigious scholarship.
There is no age restrictions; international applications of any age can apply.
Furthermore, there is no work experience requirement. If you are a fresh graduate with no or less professional experience, you can still apply.
Category B:
You are a European student.
You are a non-European student, but you do not fulfill category A requirements.

Benefits :
Want to know what are the benefits of this prestigious scholarship and how this Erasmus Mundus Scholarship Program will help you in your future career? Following are the benefits offered by the Erasmus scholarship for international students.
Benefits of the Erasmus Mundus Scholarship 2025:
The Erasmus Scholarship is a fully-funded program for all students.
Under the scholarship, the tuition fee is free, and the student does not need to pay.
International students will receive a monthly stipend.
The scholarship will not cover visa-related expenses, and students must arrange it.
Travel allowance for traveling to different countries.
In addition, Erasmus Mundus 2025 will also provide round-trip airfare.
Opportunity to study in different European countries.
Chance to live and explore 3 to 4 European countries that too for free.
Erasmus scholarships will bring many career opportunities in the future.

Erasmus Mundus Scholarship Requirements:
Degree and Transcripts are required.
A letter of recommendation is also a requirement, but the format is different for different programs, so check the program requirements.
A motivation letter is a must; again, the format may vary (check the relevant Erasmus Mundus program requirement).
IELTS/TOEFL is also a requirement. 6.5 bands overall are okay and acceptable for most of the scholarships but as the Erasmus Mundus scholarship in Europe is competitive, so try to get 7.0. (If you want to prepare for IELTS, do check our course for basic IELTS prep).
Prepare a CV (in European format).
Students should prepare their passports beforehand, as the application’s opening and the deadline vary according to the programs. Lastly, proof of residence is also essential, which proves that the applicant is a permanent resident of the country he/she is applying from and haven’t been residing in Europe for at least one or more years.
Step-by-step process on how to apply for the Erasmus Mundus Scholarship 2025:
Other Details About Erasmus 2025 Scholarship:
No need to contact any professor; choose the program, thoroughly review the details, and apply.
No work experience is required, and there is any restriction of age.
Students interested in the Erasmus Mundus Scholarship should check the program catalogue to know if the list is updated.
If you have a relatively low CGPA, add other things such as training, research papers, or even job experience to your profile.
The students can apply for three (3) different programs.
Guidance session by the Erasmus scholar
Some Frequently Asked Questions:
Q) Who is eligible for Erasmus Mundus scholarships?
Students who have a degree equivalent to 180 ECTS or 180 credits from an internationally recognized college or university. Furthermore, they should have minimum of two year of experience as a practitioner in the field of human rights.
Q) Is Pakistan eligible for the Erasmus Mundus scholarship?
It is one of the prestigious European scholarship programs. Yes, Pakistani students are eligible for this scholarship and many Pakistani students win this scholarship every year.
Q) I have two nationalities. Under which should I apply for the Erasmus Mundus Joint Master Degree?
Students can choose the nationality under which they want to apply. However, do check if the rule of 12-month residence applies.
Q) Which master’s degrees are available?
A list is shared for the courses that will start in the next year, and the Erasmus Mundus Scholarship catalogue is updated every October.
Check the Erasmus Mundus Join Masters Catalogue here
.
Q)
What GPA do I need for Erasmus Mundus scholarship?
There is no specific requirement for GPA to apply for the scholarship. However, the applicants must have very good academic record to win this scholarship.
Q) How can I apply for EMJMD?
Visit the Erasmus Mundus catalog using the link provided above; click on the link to the website of EMJMD you are interested in. Check all the requirements and go through the details for Erasmus Mundus scholarship application, as every program has different conditions and procedures. Contact the coordinator if the information provided is unsatisfactory or requires more information about the program and scholarship. Their contact info is provided on the same website. Then you can apply to the EMJMD directly.
Q) If I already hold a Master’s degree, can I apply for EMJMD?
As every program has different conditions for application, visit the respective program’s website EMJMD or contact their coordinator for more details.
Q) Does the student need insurance? Do they need to pay?
The insurance will be provided to the students who will receive a scholarship.
Q) Visa procedure for Erasmus Mundus Scholarship?
The coordinator will guide and support when the successful students will apply for a visa. However, the students are responsible for getting their visa before your program course starts (also for completing visa requests). It will be better to apply for a visa sooner, as obtaining a visa is time-consuming.
Q) Will the students receive the scholarship if they are on the reserve list?
The best among the reserved list might get a chance if students on the main list reject accepting scholarship offers.
Q) How will the students know if they have been selected for the EMJMD scholarship?
Coordinators will inform the applicants if they have been selected, rejected, or even if they are on the reserve list. But each course coordinator might inform the students at different times.
Q) When will the students know about the final selection/result of scholarship applications?
The course the students applied for is responsible for selecting applicants, and they will inform the result of the applicants. So contact your course coordinator for application status and more info about results.
Q) Is it possible to study part-time at EMJMD?
No, the Erasmus Mundus scholarship program requires the full participation of students.
Q) Students who already received this scholarship in the past can apply for the Erasmus Mundus Joint Master Degree scholarship?
However, if the student has received an Erasmus Mundus Action 2 Partnership scholarship or other grants, they can apply.

Application Process:
The application process for the Erasmus Mundus Joint Masters Scholarship (EMJMDs) 2025 is online.
How to apply for Erasmus Mundus Scholarship 2025?
Visit the website by tapping the
Apply Now
option at the end of the article. Go through each Erasmus program link to check the requirements.
The discipline or the majors might sound strange by name, but don’t worry. Open the programs to learn about what the program offers actually. For example, the name for Electrical Engineering might not be the same.
After reviewing the details and all information, students can choose three programs relevant to their profiles.
Prepare the program’s requirements, such as a personal statement, motivation letter, statement of purpose, and other documents. The Erasmus scholarship for international students is competitive and has high criteria, but do not lose hope and apply for it.
After selecting the program, click on the program and start the application process.
At the first step of the application form, the applicants will fill out their personal information, such as their full name, nationality, date of birth, address, marital status, and other details. Please fill out the Erasmus Mundus Scholarship application form with complete attention and review it again to ensure that you have provided the correct information.
After that, applicants will provide their educational details in the form of their bachelor’s degree title, a previous institution where they study, and information about their thesis or academic paper if written.
Applicants must confirm their proficiency in English by providing their scores on the English proficiency test that they have taken.
At last, applicants must upload all the required documents carefully.
Check all the programs catalogue offered by this European Scholarship using this
Link
.
Erasmus Mundus Scholarship Deadline:
Erasmus Mundus Scholarship 2025 deadline is different according to university and country, so check the courses individually.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
The application process for the Erasmus Mundus Joint Masters Scholarship (EMJMDs) 2025 is online.
How to apply for Erasmus Mundus Scholarship 2025?
Visit the website by tapping the
Apply Now
option at the end of the article. Go through each Erasmus program link to check the requirements.
The discipline or the majors might sound strange by name, but don’t worry. Open the programs to learn about what the program offers actually. For example, the name for Electrical Engineering might not be the same.
After reviewing the details and all information, students can choose three programs relevant to their profiles.
Prepare the program’s requirements, such as a personal statement, motivation letter, statement of purpose, and other documents. The Erasmus scholarship for international students is competitive and has high criteria, but do not lose hope and apply for it.
After selecting the program, click on the program and start the application process.
At the first step of the application form, the applicants will fill out their personal information, such as their full name, nationality, date of birth, address, marital status, and other details. Please fill out the Erasmus Mundus Scholarship application form with complete attention and review it again to ensure that you have provided the correct information.
After that, applicants will provide their educational details in the form of their bachelor’s degree title, a previous institution where they study, and information about their thesis or academic paper if written.
Applicants must confirm their proficiency in English by providing their scores on the English proficiency test that they have taken.
At last, applicants must upload all the required documents carefully.
Check all the programs catalogue offered by this European Scholarship using this
Link
.
Erasmus Mundus Scholarship Deadline:
Erasmus Mundus Scholarship 2025 deadline is different according to university and country, so check the courses individually.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services