Title: ESO Science Communication Internship 2025 in Germany | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Germany

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
If you want to become an ESO intern and work in Europe, then you should consider applying for the European Southern Observatory Internship 2025. However, before you do, read the ESO Science Communication Internship eligibility to make sure you meet the requirements.
Eligibility Criteria for ESO Science Communication Internship in Germany:
Candidates from all countries are eligible to apply for an astronomy communication internship.
Preference will be given to applicants who are currently studying or have recently graduated with a University Degree in Science, Science Communication or Science Journalism.
Applicants should meet the language requirement, which includes proficiency in both written and verbal English.
ESO will select individuals who want to gain experience in science communication revolving around frontline astronomy initiatives.
Moreover, applicants should have some experience in written science communication or journalism, with an understanding of astronomy.
Interns must show the ability to deliver clear and concise, written and verbal communication.
They should be able to perform well under time constraints and be able to meet deadlines.
Similarly, they must be good at working independently and in teams to be eligible for the 2025 ESO Science Communication Internship.
All interns should be able to work with people from different cultural backgrounds and disciplines.

Benefits :
Do you meet the criteria and requirements for this international internship in Germany? If yes, you must go through the various benefits of the ESO Internship in Europe that we have compiled for you below.
Benefits of ESO Science Communication Internship 2025 in Germany:
The Science Journalism Internships 2025 provides a monthly allowance to European Southern Observatory interns to cover living expenses.
This internship in Europe also provides accommodation.
Moreover, the fully funded Science Internships cover the cost of a return ticket from/to the intern’s home country.
ESO is known for its revolutionary research and state-of-the-art facilities. Interns will get the chance to be a part of this international organization.
In addition, the Germany internship is an excellent opportunity for interns to build their professional network through ESO.
All interns will get exposure to an international and multicultural work environment in Germany.
The international internship for students is perfect for those who want to further their careers in Europe.

Documents Required for ESO Internship in Europe:
Motivation letter (1 page)
CV (2 pages)
Two written samples (blog posts, newspaper articles, press releases etc.)

Application Process:
The application process for the Science Communication Internship 2025 is online.
How to Apply for ESO Internship 2025?
Click the ‘apply now’ button below to go to the official application portal.
Ensure you meet the criteria and requirements for the ESO Internship Program in Germany.
Complete the entire ESO online application form in English and do not forget to add your Motivation Letter along with your writing samples and CV.
Furthermore, candidates should mention their preferred start date for the internship, if they have one since it is a rolling position.
Applications go under review every four to six months throughout the year.
ESO Internship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the ESO Science Communication Internship in Germany is not mentioned since it is a rolling position.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
The application process for the Science Communication Internship 2025 is online.
How to Apply for ESO Internship 2025?
Click the ‘apply now’ button below to go to the official application portal.
Ensure you meet the criteria and requirements for the ESO Internship Program in Germany.
Complete the entire ESO online application form in English and do not forget to add your Motivation Letter along with your writing samples and CV.
Furthermore, candidates should mention their preferred start date for the internship, if they have one since it is a rolling position.
Applications go under review every four to six months throughout the year.
ESO Internship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the ESO Science Communication Internship in Germany is not mentioned since it is a rolling position.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.