Title: EU Engagement Scholarships 2025-26 at the University of Strathclyde | Study in the UK - Opportunities Circle

Country:
United Kingdom

Financial coverage:
Partially Funded

Deadline:
September 30, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Read all the details of the Strathclyde postgraduate scholarship. Do you want to apply and start your higher studies in the UK? Before doing so, read the eligibility criteria below to check if you are eligible for EU Engagement Scholarships Postgraduate Taught Courses or not.
Eligibility Criteria for the EU Engagement Scholarships at the University of Strathclyde:
The EU Engagement Postgraduate Scholarships will be available to those EU applicants who would have previously been eligible for Home (EU/Scottish) fee status but because of Brexit, will now be considered as being eligible for international fee status.
The applications for study will be automatically considered for the scholarship if the applicants meet the eligibility criteria of the scholarship.
The scholarships will be automatically provided to EU nationals and their dependent family members who are self-funding their studies.
Applicants who are residents of Switzerland, the European Economic Area, or the UK at the time of application will be eligible for the EU Engagement postgraduate scholarships for the taught courses.
Applicants who are classed as international students for tuition fee purposes are eligible for the postgraduate scholarship program in the UK.
Furthermore, students entering a full-time degree undergraduate or postgraduate taught master’s programs in 2025 are also eligible for this program.
Students classified as Home or RUK for tuition fee purposes are not eligible for scholarships at the University of Strathclyde.

Benefits :
Ready to start the application process for the EU Engagement Scholarships Postgraduate Taught Courses in the UK? Then you must apply for the University of Strathclyde scholarships. Make sure to carefully go through the expenses that are covered by this scholarship. Opportunities Circle has listed the benefits below.
Benefits of the EU Engagement Scholarships Postgraduate Taught Courses 2025:
The Postgraduate scholarships are available in different amounts depending upon the faculty and course.
Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences:
Scholars will get £5,000 – £10,000 for Faculty of Humanities & Social Sciences full-time courses as given below:
£10,000 for LLM courses (Law School), MSc International Relations, MSc Clinical Health Psychology and MSc Research Methods in Psychology.
Furthermore, scholars will get £5,000 for all other Masters Programmes, excluding distance learning/online Masters programs, modular programme fees and fees for programmes in the Centre for Lifelong Learning.
Strathclyde Business School:
Scholars of the Strathclyde Business School will get £10,000 for all programmes within the departments of  Human Resource Management (HRM).
Scholars of the Economics/Economics and Policy of Energy Climate Change will get £9,000.
Students in Economics & Finance, Entrepreneurship programmes/Management programmes (excluding MBA)/Management Science programmes/Marketing programmes receive £11,000.
£12,000 is for Accounting & Finance departments.
Faculty of Engineering:
Students of the Faculty of Engineering will get £8,000, which is open to all eligible EU students across full-time courses.
Faculty of Science:
Scholars will get £7,000-£10,000 for Faculty of Science full-time courses as given below:
£8,000 for all full-time postgraduate taught master’s degrees in the Departments of Physics, the Strathclyde Institute of Pharmacy and Biomedical Sciences, and the Department of Pure & Applied Chemistry.
£7,000 for all full-time postgraduate taught master’s degrees in the Departments of Mathematics & Statistics and Computer & Information Sciences (excluding the below)
£10,000 – MSc Quantitative Finance
£10,000 – MSc Actuarial Science
Online MScs are excluded.

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply? The application process for the EU Engagement Scholarships 2025-26 at the University of Strathclyde involves several steps. Click on the
Apply Now
button below to start your application.
Applicants do not need to make any separate application for this EU Engagement Postgraduate Scholarships.
Applicants who will be applying for study will be automatically considered for the postgraduate scholarship program in the UK if they meet the eligibility for this scholarship.
Applicants must check the program eligibility criteria before applying.
Make sure to apply before the EU Engagement Scholarships deadline.
Application Deadline for EU Engagement Scholarships 2025:
The deadline to apply for the EU Engagement Scholarships Postgraduate Taught Courses  is
30 September 2025
.

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply? The application process for the EU Engagement Scholarships 2025-26 at the University of Strathclyde involves several steps. Click on the
Apply Now
button below to start your application.
Applicants do not need to make any separate application for this EU Engagement Postgraduate Scholarships.
Applicants who will be applying for study will be automatically considered for the postgraduate scholarship program in the UK if they meet the eligibility for this scholarship.
Applicants must check the program eligibility criteria before applying.
Make sure to apply before the EU Engagement Scholarships deadline.
Application Deadline for EU Engagement Scholarships 2025:
The deadline to apply for the EU Engagement Scholarships Postgraduate Taught Courses  is
30 September 2025
.