Title: European Environment Agency Photo Competition 2025 | Win up to 1000 EUR - Opportunities Circle

Financial coverage:
Paid

Deadline:
May 30, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you looking for a photo competition in Europe? The European Environment Agency Photo Competition is the perfect opportunity. Thoroughly go through the eligibility criteria below to ensure you meet the requirements of this photo award.
Eligibility Criteria for European Environment Agency Photo Competition:
Participants must be 18 years or older to be eligible for the EEA Photo Competition 2025.
The contest is open to citizens of the EU 27 Member States, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, Switzerland and Turkey. It also includes countries under the stabilization and association agreements: North Macedonia, Albania, Kosovo, Montenegro, Serbia, and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Moreover, photos must be taken within the countries mentioned above.
Participants must also hold full copyrights to the submitted material.
Photos must adhere to the manipulation rules outlined in the Terms and Conditions of the Environment & Me Photo Competition.
Similarly, a maximum of 5 entries can be submitted per participant. Each entry requires a separate submission form.
By entering, participants agree to accept the competition rules and Terms and Conditions of the European Environment Agency Photo Competition.
Entries must not endorse any products or services or contain obscene, violent, racist, or defamatory content.
Judging Criteria:
Relevance to Topic: How well your submission aligns with the competition theme.
Creativity: The originality and inventiveness of your entry.
Technical Skill: The quality and technical proficiency demonstrated in your submission.
Persuasiveness: The ability of your entry to engage and inspire the audience.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If yes, you must apply for the 2025 European Photography Awards. However, before you do, read the various benefits of the European Environment Agency Photo Competition.
Benefits of EEA Photo Competition 2025:
European Environment Agency (EEA) Photo Competition offers several benefits for participants.
Winners in each category receive generous cash prizes.
Best photo in each category will get 1000 EUR. The Public Choice award winner will get 500 EUR, while the Youth Prize for 18-24 years old is 500 EUR.
In addition, winning and finalist photos will be showcased by the EEA, providing significant exposure.
It is an excellent competition for photographers to showcase their talent and participate in a European Photography Competition.
Submission is free of cost.

Application Process:
Want to know how to apply for the European Environment Agency Photo Competition 2025?
To apply for this photography contest, click the ‘apply now’ button below to apply or visit the official application portal.
Before applying, ensure you meet the requirements for the EEA Photo Contest.
Each submission must include one photograph and accompanying text.
Photos should be in electronic format (e.g., .jpeg, .png, .tiff), with a minimum resolution of 2000 pixels, ideally more than 4960 pixels on the long side.
The text should include a short title and a description of up to 1000 characters in English.
Incomplete or non-compliant entries will be disqualified.
There is no entry fee, applicants should apply through the online submission form.
Furthermore, announcement of finalists will be made on 1 July 2025.
The winners of the European Environment Photo Competition will be announced on 25 July 2025.
All participants must apply before the deadline.
Application Deadline for EEA Photo Competition 2025:
The deadline to apply for the European Environment Agency Photo Competition is
30 May 2025
.