Title: European Parliament Traineeships 2025-26 | Schuman Traineeships - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Brussels/Luxembourg

Financial coverage:
Paid

Deadline:
May 31, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
If you want to apply for these paid trainings in Europe, make sure to carefully go through the eligibility criteria for the traineeships in the European Parliament 2025-26.
Eligibility Criteria for the European Parliament Traineeships 2025-26:
For the Schuman Traineeship:
Candidates must be at least 18 years of age.
They must hold a university-level diploma.
Eligible candidates must be nationals of a European Union Member State or an accession/candidate country. In some cases, a limited number of traineeships may be available to nationals of other countries.
Proficiency in one of the official EU languages is essential, along with an excellent command of a second official language.
For non-Member State citizens, a very good knowledge of either English, French, or German is required for the Schuman Traineeships.
Candidates must provide a criminal record that meets the eligibility criteria.
Furthermore, individuals who have already worked or benefited from any other type of traineeship in an EU institution, body, or agency for more than two consecutive months are not eligible.
Applicants must not have done any study visit at the Secretariat of the European Parliament six months prior to the beginning of the Schuman traineeship.
For the Members of the European Parliament Traineeship:
Trainees must be 18 years of age or older.
Eligible candidates must be citizens of a European Union Member State or a candidate country. However, members have the option to offer traineeships to individuals from third countries, provided they meet visa requirements.
Candidates should hold a secondary school leaving certificate equivalent to the level required for university admission. Alternatively, they may have completed a higher or technical education program at a similar level or possess a university degree.
They should not be in any formal employment contract.
Candidates are ineligible if they previously did a traineeship with a member or as a parliamentary assistant to a member.
Proficiency in one of the official EU official languages is essential.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria for the traineeships in the European Parliament? If you do, make sure to read the several benefits of the paid European Parliament Traineeship and get the chance to become an EU trainee.
Benefits of the European Parliament Traineeships in Europe:
All trainees for the Schuman traineeship will receive a monthly stipend of around 1667€ per month in Belgium and Luxembourg. In other countries, the allowance will be adapted to align with the respective local cost of living standards.
Along with this, successful candidates will also receive a flat travel allowance of EUR 300 per trainee.
Individuals will receive a monthly grant between €1000 and €1638 per month for the traineeships with Members of the European Parliament.
The individual will have the opportunity to explore the inner workings of the EU, with a specific focus on understanding the functioning of the European Parliament.
Candidates will gain insight into the behind-the-scenes operations of the Parliament and actively contribute to its day-to-day activities.
Similarly, this experience will provide them practical involvement in the decision-making processes within the EU.
They will also collaborate with individuals from diverse backgrounds in a multicultural and multilingual setting. Hence fostering a prosperous and inclusive work environment.
Their time at the European Parliament will allow them to develop further and apply the knowledge acquired during their university studies.
Moreover, many former trainees go on to pursue successful careers within EU institutions and national governments.
Living in Brussels or Luxembourg also exposes trainees to rich European cultures, allowing them to explore historical sites, cuisine, and events.
Furthermore, these
fully funded training programs for international students
are a fantastic opportunity to visit Europe for free.

Application Process:
Are you thinking about how to apply for the European Parliament Traineeships 2025? Keep reading to understand the application process.
Candidates have the opportunity to select and apply for a maximum of three traineeships.
Trainees will need to provide specific supporting documents (CV and Motivation letter) to demonstrate their eligibility.
Similarly, successful candidates will receive an official Admission Letter via email.
The Schuman traineeships are awarded for a period of five months.
To apply for traineeships with Members of the European Parliament, it is essential to get in touch with European Parliament Members directly.
This specific traineeship’s duration varies. Ranging from six weeks to five consecutive months, this period is determined by the Member of Parliament granting the traineeship. The start date can be flexible and is not limited to a specific time of the year.
European Parliament Traineeships 2025 Deadline:
The European Parliament and Schuman Traineeships 2025-26 deadline is
31 May 2025
for the traineeship period 1 October 2025– 28/29 February 2026.