Title: Excel for Beginners Free Course 2025 | Learn Excel - Opportunities Circle

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you a beginner who wants to master Excel? If yes, the DavidsonX: Excel for Beginners Course is perfect for you. Before you apply, go through the eligibility criteria below to make sure you meet are eligible.
Eligibility Criteria for Excel for Beginners Free Course 2025:
The Excel course is open to everyone from around the world.
It is an introductory-level course, and there are no previous knowledge or experience requirements.
There are no age requirements, applicants of any age can enrol.
All applicants should spend around three to five hours per week to complete this course by Davidson College.
Candidates who want to enroll for free should apply through the audit course option. Similarly, those who want to earn a certificate should pay an additional amount to be eligible for the certificate.
Moreover, applicants must have access to a stable internet connection for the Excel for Beginners Free Course 2025.

Benefits :
Do you meet the criteria above? If you do, you would not want to miss this Excel Course with Certificate. Keep on reading to know more about the benefits of applying for this online course.
Benefits of Excel for Beginners Free Course:
The Excel free online course is a beginner-level course perfect for those who want to master Microsoft Excel.
Applicants will learn techniques like data entry, manipulation, and analysis, making them more efficient and confident in using Excel.
They will also learn keyboard shortcuts, data sorting and filtering.
Similarly, applicants can take the course at their own pace. Hence, offering flexibility.
This course is an excellent chance to learn Excel and master its formulas and shortcuts.

Application Process:
Do you want to know how to start learning Excel for beginners? Enrol for this course by clicking the ‘apply now’ button below.
However, before you register, make sure you meet the criteria and are eligible.
Create an account on edX and select the ‘
audit course
‘ option if you want to enroll for free.
There is no deadline to apply for the Excel for Beginners Free Course, but make sure to check the course end date.