Title: Excel Basics for Data Analysis Free Course - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
If you want to learn the basics of Excel, you must apply for this online course by IBM. However, before you apply, go through the eligibility criteria below to ensure you meet all requirements and are eligible.
Eligibility Criteria for Excel Basics for Data Analysis Free Course:
The online course is open to anyone from around the world.
It is a beginner-level course and there are no prerequisites or previous experience requirements.
Applicants must have access to the internet and a device with a modern web browser.
Similarly, applicants do not need to have experience with spreadsheets or coding.
There are no age requirements to apply for the Excel Course.
Applicants can enroll for free. However, they will need to pay a certain amount to upgrade for a certificate.
Applicants should complete all modules and the final project.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If you do, you would not want to miss this IBM Microsoft Excel Course. Keep on reading to know more about the benefits of this course on Coursera.
Benefits of Excel Basics for Data Analysis Free Course:
The course offers flexibility and learners can learn at their own pace.
It is a beginner-level course and anyone can apply with any background.
Applicants will learn Excel for free and polish their data analysis skills.
Moreover, they will be able to perform basic spreadsheet tasks including data entry using formulas and be able to use filters and pivot tables.
It is a fantastic opportunity to learn the basics of Excel.

Application Process:
Want to know how to learn Excel for beginners? Apply for the Excel Basics for Data Analysis Free Course by clicking the ‘apply now’ button below.
Before you apply, ensure you meet all requirements and criteria.
Similarly, select the
‘enroll for free’
option and register using your account.
There is no deadline to apply for the Excel Basics for Data Analysis Free Course.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Want to know how to learn Excel for beginners? Apply for the Excel Basics for Data Analysis Free Course by clicking the ‘apply now’ button below.
Before you apply, ensure you meet all requirements and criteria.
Similarly, select the
‘enroll for free’
option and register using your account.
There is no deadline to apply for the Excel Basics for Data Analysis Free Course.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.