Title: Free Online courses offered by Oxford University - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
Anyone can apply

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Anyone from any field or any age can apply for the course
No Age Restriction.
No Documents submission.
Anyone including international, domestic students from any region.
No previous academic qualification or educational background.

Benefits :
100% free online courses for anyone
Completion of the course leads to the award of a free OHSC course letter / certificate, accessible after being emailed to students.
Studies are taken from home, anywhere in the world using the Internet connection.
A growing library of outstanding courses includes diverse and relevant topics.
Get help from the OHSC team when needed – help available anytime
Absolutely no entry requirements or qualification criteria
Free registration open all year without conditions.
There is no closing or restriction time to worry.

—————–

Application Process:
Please follow the below link to apply for the program

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Please follow the below link to apply for the program

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.