Title: Free TOEFL test preparation by Educational Testing Service - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
Anyone can apply

Deadline:
June 28, 2023

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Anyone who want to improve English language skills can take this TOEFL test preparation by Educational Testing Service

Benefits :
This is an online TOEFL test preparation by Educational Testing Service.
There is no enrollment fee, also it is self-placed.
You can access from any part of the world.
Flexible schedule and environment for students.
Receive an instructor-signed certificate with the institution’s logo to verify your achievement and increase your job prospects.
Also, you can Add the certificate to your CV or resume, or post it directly on LinkedIn.

Application Process:
Create your account on edx website by entering your full name, email, username, password and Country/region of residence. After Registering for an edX you can directly enroll to the online TOEFL test preparation by Educational Testing Service. Just click on Apply now button below.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Create your account on edx website by entering your full name, email, username, password and Country/region of residence. After Registering for an edX you can directly enroll to the online TOEFL test preparation by Educational Testing Service. Just click on Apply now button below.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.