Title: Free English Composition Course by Duke University 2025 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligibility Criteria :
Do you want to learn English writing for free? Then don’t let go of this opportunity. Enroll for the free online course to learn English. This English Composition Free Course will help you in many ways. However, before you register, check the criteria below.
Eligibility Criteria for the Free English Composition Course:
This course is open to anyone interested in improving their writing skills.
The content is equivalent to one semester of a freshman writing course.
You must have a good internet connection.
Students must have a basic command of English and be exposed to English at the secondary level (high school level) or composition.

Benefits :
You must be thinking what’s in it for you. If you meet the criteria above and are looking for the best free English Writing Course, then keep on reading the benefits. Opportunities circle has listed the benefits of enrolling for the English composition free online course below.
Free English Composition Course Benefits:
Learn English composition for free.
The course is completely online and self-paced.
You can start the course anytime and complete it on your own accord.
There are no registration charges.
You can also receive a verified certificate upon upgrading your package.
Open doors to numerous opportunities after becoming proficient in English language.

How to Apply for Financial Aid for English Composition Online Course?
To apply for financial aid for the English Composition Course on Coursera, fill out the financial aid/support form to access the course for free and receive the certificate.
Choose the “English Composition 1” course to apply for financial support.
Click “NEXT” and then continue to the application.
Submit your financial aid application, ensuring that it meets the minimum word count of 150 words.
Allow 16 days for the review of your financial aid application.
For additional information on applying for financial aid on Coursera, click
here
.

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for this Free Online English Writing Course? Tap on the
apply now
button to register.
Register yourself on the platform if you are a new user, if you already have an account, sign in.
Then click on the enroll for free option.
Select the free course track, no certificate option.
You can also apply for the financial aid to receive the certificate for free. However, you must apply for the financial aid before you enroll for the English Composition Course.
There is no deadline to apply for this Free English Language course online.