Title: Fulbright Foreign Student Program 2025 in USA | Step by Step Application Process | Fulbright Scholarships - Opportunities Circle

Country:
United States

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you searching for a fully funded scholarship in USA? Opportunities Circle is here to help you. Before starting the application process, check out the eligibility criteria for the Fulbright Foreign Student Program in USA for international students:
Eligibility Criteria for the Fulbright Scholarship in USA 2025:
Applicants must be from one of the eligible countries where the Fulbright Program is applicable.
Applicants must possess the equivalent of a US bachelor’s degree at the start date of the Foreign Fulbright Program.
Applicants must have a good academic record.
They must be fluent in English, a recent score of no less than 550 (Paper Based TOEFL), 79-80 (IBT – Internet Based TOEFL), or 6.5(Overall Score IELTS); test scores can be submitted to directly to IIE by indicating the institutional code which is 2326 on the test day.
Applicants must not hold US citizenship; dual citizens are not eligible for the Fulbright student program.
Applicants must meet the additional eligibility requirements, which are different for every country. You can check your eligibility requirements according to your country of citizenship on the official website.
Dentistry, medicine, pharmacy, and nursing programs are not eligible under this Fulbright Foreign Student Program 2025.

Benefits :
The 2025 Fulbright Foreign Student Program 2024 is a fully funded scholarship with many benefits. Interested? Check out the benefits and financial coverage of the Fulbright Student Program 2025 in the USA.
Benefits of the Foreign Fulbright Program 2025:
International students will get J-1 visa sponsorship.
Funding support for international students to support their studies.
International students will also get a health benefit plan.
Furthermore, they will be involved in different enrichment activities.
The fully funded scholarship for international students is a one-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
The Fulbright Scholarship 2025 is a chance for international students to study for free in the USA.

Application Process:
You must be thinking about How to Apply for the Fulbright Scholarship 2025.
Click on the Apply Now button to start your application.
Make sure to read all the details available on the official website before starting your application.
The application process is different for each country.
Select your country of residence on the official website, and it will give you all the details regarding the Fulbright Commissions/Foundations of your home country.
International students must apply through the Fulbright Commissions/Foundations in their home countries.
Fulbright Scholarship 2025 Deadline:
The deadlines for the Fulbright Foreign Student Program 2025 are different for every country, but they are generally around February to October annually. Make sure to check the deadline before starting your application process.