Title: Gates Cambridge Scholarship 2025 | Study Free in UK | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
United Kingdom

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you a graduate and looking for a postgraduate scholarship in UK? Then, apply for the Gates Cambridge scholarship 2025-26 after checking your eligibility. Opportunities Circle has listed the criteria below. Read it thoroughly to know the requirements for this Gate scholarship at the University of Cambridge.
Eligibility Criteria for Gates Cambridge Scholarship 2025:
Applicants must be an international student.
Applicants of Gates Cambridge Scholarships 2025 must have an excellent academic profile.
Moreover, international applicants must apply for a full-time course at the University of Cambridge, either a master’s or PhD program.
Applicants must apply for any of the eligible postgraduate courses.
They must possess outstanding leadership potential.
Applicants must be able to provide a reason for their choices of courses.
Applicants must fulfill all the Gates Cambridge Scholarship requirements.

Benefits :
Do you meet the criteria above? If yes, then you must know the funding of the fully funded scholarship. The Gates Scholarship UK is full of benefits, which we have listed below.
Benefits of the Gates Cambridge Scholarships in UK 2025:
The Gates Scholarship 2025-26 will cover the full tuition fee.
A £21,000 allowance for maintenance will be provided annually under the Cambridge University Scholarship.
Airfare economy class ticket at the beginning and end of the Gates Cambridge scholarship program. The Cambridge scholars also provide inbound visa charges and health surcharges.
The scholarship will cover additional academic development funds of up to £500-£2000.
In addition, the trust may also provide a family allowance of up to £11,604 for one child and £16,548 for two or more children.
The fully funded UK scholarship for international students also provides hardship funding for unforeseen difficulties.
Maternity/Paternity funding may also be provided.
Gates Cambridge Scholarships for international students are a fantastic opportunity to study in UK for free.

Documents Required for Gates Scholarship 2025:
Personal statement (no more than 3000 characters or 500 words)
Research proposal for PhD applicants
Reference letters

Application Process:
Want to know how to apply for these Cambridge University Scholarships? Keep on reading to know the details.
Click on the ‘apply now’ button below to access the online University’s Application Portal for the Gates Cambridge Scholarship 2025 in UK.
Applicants must submit their scholarship and admission application through an online portal for this UK scholarship.
Similarly, applicants must fill out the funding section of the fully funded scholarship at Cambridge University offered by the Bill Gates Foundation.
Applicants applying for the PhD program must submit a research proposal.
Applicants must submit all the required documents carefully before the Gates Cambridge Scholarship programme 2025 deadline.
Gates Cambridge Scholarship 2025 Deadline:
The deadline for the Gates Cambridge scholarships for international students is either
3 December 2024
or
7
January 2025
,
depending on the course
.
The Gates Scholarship deadline for US citizens is
16 October 2024
.