Title: Generative AI for Everyone Free Course 2025 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you interested in Generative AI and programming? If you are, you would not want to miss this free online course. Go through the eligibility criteria below to ensure you meet all requirements for the AI for Everyone Free Course.
Eligibility Criteria for Generative AI for Everyone Free Course:
The AI course is open to everyone from around the world.
It is a beginner-level course and does not require previous AI knowledge or coding skills.
The course will take around three weeks to complete if applicants invest 1-2 hours weekly.
Moreover, there are no age restrictions for the Generative AI free online course.
All applicants must have a stable internet connection and a device to access and complete this course.
Similarly, applicants must complete all modules and six assignments of the Artificial Intelligence Course.

Benefits :
Do you meet the criteria and requirements above? If yes, you must apply for this Generative AI Course for beginners. However, before applying, read the various benefits this free online course offers learners worldwide.
Benefits of Generative AI Free Course:
The AI course for beginners offers flexibility to learners to learn at their own pace.
It is an introductory course and does not have any prerequisites. Anyone with an interest in Generative AI can apply.
Moreover, applicants can learn skills such as generative AI tools, AI strategy, generative AI, large language models and AI productivity.
It is a fantastic data science and machine learning course.
Similarly, the course offers financial aid and a shareable certificate.
The Generative Artificial Intelligence code is perfect even for those who do not have background knowledge or previous coding experience.

How to Apply for Financial Aid for Generative AI for Everyone Free Course?
Start by filling out the financial aid application form to gain access to the course for free and earn a certificate.
Choose the course “Generative AI for Everyone.”
Click ‘next’ and proceed to the next step and provide all the details.
Make sure the application includes at least 150 words.
Submit the form for review. It may take around 16 days to be processed.
For more details about financial aid, click
here
.

Application Process:
Want to know how to learn Generative AI for free? Enroll for this course by clicking the ‘apply now’ button below.
Ensure you meet all the requirements and criteria for this course.
Click on enroll for free option and start learning.
Moreover, candidates will have to make an account on Coursera before registering for this AI free online course.
There is no deadline for the Generative AI for Everyone Free Course with Certificate.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Want to know how to learn Generative AI for free? Enroll for this course by clicking the ‘apply now’ button below.
Ensure you meet all the requirements and criteria for this course.
Click on enroll for free option and start learning.
Moreover, candidates will have to make an account on Coursera before registering for this AI free online course.
There is no deadline for the Generative AI for Everyone Free Course with Certificate.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services