Title: Global Korea Scholarship 2025 | Fully Funded | GKS 2025 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
South Korea

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
Anyone Can apply

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you interested in pursuing your higher studies in Korea? Then, apply for the fully funded Korean Government Scholarship 2025. Before you visit the official website and start the application process, check the Korean Government Scholarship eligibility criteria below to ensure your eligibility, as the global Korean scholarship is very competitive.
Eligibility Criteria for the Global Korea Scholarship 2025 in South Korea:
Applicants must be nationals of the participating countries of the Global Korea Scholarship.
They should not hold dual citizenship or Korean citizenship.
Applicants must first submit the certificate of expected graduation at the time of applying who are not graduated at the time of applying. Applicants expected to graduate by July 31st, 2025, can apply for the GKS program with a certificate of expected graduation (Hope Certificate).
International students must have a higher CGPA. This means he should be in the top 20% of his class or equal to or above 2.64/4.00.
For KGSP 2025, the applicant’s age must be under 40 years.
Students must be in good health, both mentally and physically to be eligible for the GKS Korean Government Scholarship 2025.
Applicants must hold or expect to hold a bachelor’s degree to be admitted to a Master’s Program or have a master’s degree to be admitted to a PhD Degree Program.
Research Program applicants must have a degree or education equivalent to a master’s degree and have received an invitation from any NIIED-designated Korean university.
Postdoctoral Research Program must have a doctoral degree or degree equivalent to a doctoral degree.
They must submit English Language Requirements/Certificates.
Students who have already received Korean scholarships are not eligible to apply for KGSP 2025.

Benefits :
GKS Korean Government Graduate Scholarship (GKS-G) 2025 is a fully funded Scholarship for international students. Global Korea Scholarship 2025 graduate program will cover all the expenses. The Global Korea Scholarship Benefits are given below:
Benefits of GKS Korean Government Graduate Scholarship 2025 (GKS-G):
Students will get a complete tuition fee waiver.
Selected students will get a one-time Resettlement Allowance when they arrive in Korea.
Postgraduate students will get an allowance of 15,720,000 KRW per year for Master’s and doctoral and 19,800,000 KRW per year for research programs.
All students selected for the program will get medical Insurance.
The Korean Scholarships 2025 will also provide a research allowance.
Students will get round Airfare Tickets for economy class.
The government of Korea will also provide students with the cost of language courses.
Award for Excellent Korean Language Proficiency
Printing Costs for a Dissertation.
Completion Grant after the completion of the program.
The GKS South Korea Scholarship 2025 is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
Now international students can study in Korea with these GKS Scholarships for free.

GKS Scholarship 2025 Requirements:
We have mentioned the Global Korea Scholarship Requirements below:
Proof of Citizenship and Family relationship
Certificate of Graduation
Academic Transcript
Proof of Overseas Korean or Adoptee
Score Report of Korean or English Proficiency Test
Passport Copy
Personal Statement
Two Letters of Recommendation
GKS Applicant Agreement
Personal Medical Assessment
Awards or Publications
Other Required Documents

Application Process:
You must be thinking about how to apply for this 2025 GKS scholarship in South Korea and looking for a Global Korea scholarship application. The application process for this fully funded scholarship in South Korea differs slightly.
How to Apply for the Global Korea Scholarship 2025?
There are two different ways to apply for the GKS Korean Government Scholarship 2025: through the Korean Embassy of your country or directly to any domestic university in Korea.
Global Korea Scholarship Application Process:
If applying through the Embassy Track, applicants must apply through the Embassy of South Korea in their own country. The embassy will select eligible applicants, ask them to apply to some university and nominate you as its GKS candidate. It will send the nomination to the NIIED, but the NIIED will make the final selection.
Through University Track, students have to apply directly to the university. The university nominates you as a 2025 GKS-G candidate and will send your nomination to NIIED, as the NIIED will take the final decision.
Global Korea Scholarship 2025 Deadline:
There is no specific deadline for the Global Korea Scholarship 2025, so hurry up and apply as soon as possible. The deadlines for the GKS scholarship 2025 for masters are different for both the embassy track and the university track. For Embassy track criteria, applicants should check the Korean embassy in their home country.
For the university track, applicants must contact eligible universities for the deadline.
The deadline to apply for the Korean Government GKS Scholarship 2025-2026 varies from Country to Country, university, and the Korean Embassy of your Country.

Application Process:
You must be thinking about how to apply for this 2025 GKS scholarship in South Korea and looking for a Global Korea scholarship application. The application process for this fully funded scholarship in South Korea differs slightly.
How to Apply for the Global Korea Scholarship 2025?
There are two different ways to apply for the GKS Korean Government Scholarship 2025: through the Korean Embassy of your country or directly to any domestic university in Korea.
Global Korea Scholarship Application Process:
If applying through the Embassy Track, applicants must apply through the Embassy of South Korea in their own country. The embassy will select eligible applicants, ask them to apply to some university and nominate you as its GKS candidate. It will send the nomination to the NIIED, but the NIIED will make the final selection.
Through University Track, students have to apply directly to the university. The university nominates you as a 2025 GKS-G candidate and will send your nomination to NIIED, as the NIIED will take the final decision.
Global Korea Scholarship 2025 Deadline:
There is no specific deadline for the Global Korea Scholarship 2025, so hurry up and apply as soon as possible. The deadlines for the GKS scholarship 2025 for masters are different for both the embassy track and the university track. For Embassy track criteria, applicants should check the Korean embassy in their home country.
For the university track, applicants must contact eligible universities for the deadline.
The deadline to apply for the Korean Government GKS Scholarship 2025-2026 varies from Country to Country, university, and the Korean Embassy of your Country.