Title: Global Peace Photo Award 2025 | Up to €11,000 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online/Austria

Financial coverage:
Paid

Deadline:
May 18, 2025

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you a photographer looking for photo competitions? If you are, you must apply for these international photography awards. However, before you do, go through the eligibility criteria below to ensure you meet all the requirements.
Eligibility Criteria for Global Peace Photo Award 2025:
Peace Photography Award is open to photographers from all around the world.
The competition includes two main categories, Single Image and Photo Story.
For the Single Image category, applicants can upload up to 99 individual photos.
Similarly, the Story category requires a minimum of 5 photos. A story may contain up to 12 images.
If applicants are under 15 years old, they can participate in the Children’s Peace Image of the Year.
Entries in both categories (Single and Story) must consist of photos that are no more than three years old when the call for entry opens.
All photographs will be judged on artistic merit, originality, subject, style and content based on the theme of peace.

Benefits :
If you meet the eligibility criteria above, you would not want to miss this Global Peace Photo Award. Continue reading to know more about the many benefits this photo competition offers all participants.
Benefits of Global Peace Photo Award:
It is a paid competition that has a total prize pool of €11,000 will be awarded across different categories.
The Peace Image of the Year will receive a €7,000 cash award, be displayed in the Austrian Parliament for a year and become part of the Parliament’s permanent art collection.
In the Photo Story category, three winners will each receive €1,000.
The top entry in the Single Image category will also receive a €1,000 prize.
Similarly, the Children’s Peace Image of the Year winner will be awarded €1,000.
All winning entries will be honoured with the Alfred Fried Peace Medal.
Winners will be invited to the award ceremony in Vienna in September 2025, with travel and accommodation expenses covered.
Moreover, all submitted images have the chance to take part in international exhibitions.

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for the Global Peace Photo Award? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application process.
Before you apply, ensure you meet all the requirements and criteria.
Entries must be uploaded in .jpg format.
Applicants can edit or remove their submissions at any time before the deadline.
Make sure to finalize and apply before the deadline.
Global Peace Photo Award Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the Global Peace Photo Award 2025 is
18 May 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for the Global Peace Photo Award? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application process.
Before you apply, ensure you meet all the requirements and criteria.
Entries must be uploaded in .jpg format.
Applicants can edit or remove their submissions at any time before the deadline.
Make sure to finalize and apply before the deadline.
Global Peace Photo Award Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the Global Peace Photo Award 2025 is
18 May 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.