Title: Goldman Sachs 10000 Women Online Program 2025 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Eligibility Criteria :
If you are a woman entrepreneur, you must apply for the Goldman Sachs 10000 Women Online Program. However, before you apply, make sure to go through the eligibility criteria and requirements of this entrepreneurship program.
Eligibility Criteria for Goldman Sachs 10000 Women Online Program 2025:
The program is designed for women entrepreneurs from around the world.
It is perfect for women leading small or medium-sized businesses who aim to grow, boost revenue and attract investment.
Similarly, the Goldman Sachs program is open to participants globally, with no formal eligibility requirements to enroll.
The Core program runs for 20 weeks and each course runs for a week and covers different topics.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If yes, you would not want to miss this online training program. Keep on reading to know more about the various benefits this program offers to women entrepreneurs.
Benefits of Goldman Sachs 10000 Women Online Program:
It is a fantastic online program for women entrepreneurs.
The Goldman Sachs Program offers a flexible learning schedule that includes self-paced modules.
Moreover, applicants will gain skills and practical knowledge to grow their businesses.
They will build expertise in essential areas such as finance, marketing, strategic planning and leadership.
It has supported around 200,000 entrepreneurs from more than 150 countries.
The program is taught by leading instructors and professionals. Hence, applicants will learn directly from top faculty and industry professionals.
Similarly, the program is completely online and applicants can learn from their home.
The courses are available in multiple languages.

Application Process:
Want to know how to apply for the Goldman Sachs 10000 Women Online Program 2025? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to go to the official portal.
However, before you enroll, make sure you meet the eligibility criteria and requirements for this online course.
Enrolling for the program is simple, applicants can choose their desired course from the list of courses and click the ‘
Enroll for Free’
option to begin.
Eligible applicants who complete all ten courses will be invited to join the program’s global alumni community.
For the list of courses, click
here
.
There are three additional elective courses in addition to the ten courses.
Goldman Sachs 10000 Women Online Program Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the Goldman Sachs 10000 Women Online Program is not mentioned.