Title: Graphic Design Essentials Free Course 2025 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
If you want to learn graphic designing or are looking to switch to a career in this field, you must apply for these graphic design courses. However, before you apply, check the eligibility criteria below to make sure you meet all the requirements.
Eligibility Criteria for Graphic Design Essentials Free Course 2025:
The course is open to anyone from around the world who wants to learn graphic design.
It is an introductory course and has no prerequisites.
Applicants should spend one to two hours per week to complete this free online course.
There are no age requirements to apply.
Similarly, all learners should have access to the internet and a device to access this course.
No previous graphic designing background is required.
Applicants can easily audit the course for free. However, to earn a certificate, applicants must pay a fee.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If yes, you would not want to miss this Graphic Design Essentials Course. Keep on reading to know more about the benefits of enrolling in the edX course. Opportunities Circle has listed the benefits below.
Benefits of Graphic Design Essentials Free Course:
All applicants will be able to access the course online and study at their own pace.
It is a beginner-level course perfect for those who want to start a career in graphic design or enhance existing skills.
Moreover, candidates will learn basic graphic design skills such as designing, visual communication, image-making, typography and the overall creative process.
They will also learn to analyze client briefs, create presentations and develop communication strategies.
It is one of the best graphic design courses, perfect for beginners and professionals looking to refine their skills.

Application Process:
Want to know how to become a graphic designer? Apply for the Graphic Design Essentials Free Course by clicking the ‘apply now’ button below.
However, before you enroll, ensure you meet all the requirements of this design course.
Applicants must create an account on edX to apply.
If you want to enroll for free, choose the audit course option.
There is no deadline to apply for Graphic Design Essentials Free Course. Make sure to check the course end date.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Want to know how to become a graphic designer? Apply for the Graphic Design Essentials Free Course by clicking the ‘apply now’ button below.
However, before you enroll, ensure you meet all the requirements of this design course.
Applicants must create an account on edX to apply.
If you want to enroll for free, choose the audit course option.
There is no deadline to apply for Graphic Design Essentials Free Course. Make sure to check the course end date.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services