Title: Griffith University Research Scholarships 2025 in Australia - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Australia

Financial coverage:
Partially Funded

Eligibility Criteria :
Do you want to pursue research in Australia? If yes, make sure to apply for the Griffith University Research Scholarships in Australia 2025. However, before you apply, go through the eligibility criteria below to make sure you meet the Griffith University Scholarship requirements.
Eligibility Criteria for Griffith University Research Scholarships 2025:
Applicants must be international students (non-domestic) and must not hold Australian permanent visas or New Zealand citizenship.
They must be commencing or enrolled in a Higher Degree by Research (HDR) program at Griffith University to be eligible for GUIPRS support for the GUIPRS.
Moreover, applicants must hold a bachelor’s degree with First Class Honours (Class I) or be recognized by Griffith University as having an equivalent level of attainment.
They should not have completed a degree at the same or higher level as the HDR program to which they are applying or are currently enrolled in.
Applicants who are receiving any other scholarship, awards or grants from the government or other organizations are not eligible for the Griffith University Research Scholarships.
In addition, they should not have previously held the same or an equivalent scholarship unless it was terminated within six months of commencement, was held for a lower-level degree, or the applicant is applying to transfer the scholarship.
Similarly, applicants should not have held a Commonwealth Government Australia Award scholarship in the two years before starting the award unless approved by the Commonwealth Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade.
Selection Criteria:
Academic merit, especially in qualifications with significant research components.
International reputation of the institution where the qualification was completed.
Research background
Compatibility between the applicant, research environment, and supervision team.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria for this Postgraduate research scholarship in Australia? If you do, you must read the various benefits of the Griffith University International Research Scholarship 2025.
Benefits of Griffith University Research Scholarships in Australia:
GUIPRS covers the tuition fee for the duration of the research program, up to three years for a doctoral degree and up to two years for a research master’s degree.
Students receive Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC), ensuring access to essential healthcare services during their time in Australia.
Moreover, the Griffith University Research Scholarships cover the Student Services and Amenities Fee, which the recipient would otherwise have to pay throughout the duration of the scholarship.
With these HDR Scholarships, postgraduate students will have the opportunity to pursue their dream of study in Australia.

Application Process:
Do you want to know how to apply for the Griffith University Research Scholarships in Australia?
To apply for these international postgraduate research scholarships by Griffith University? Click the ‘apply now’ button to start your application process.
Before you apply, make sure you meet the eligibility criteria and requirements for the Griffith Scholarships in Australia.
Start by selecting your research degree and then find a research project and supervisor to work with.
Similarly, applicants will undergo a competitive selection process based on merit.
Griffith University Research Scholarships are awarded periodically throughout the year with different intakes.
Successful candidates can commence their studies at the next available intake.
Each applicant may apply for scholarship consideration a maximum of two times within a five-year period.
Application Deadline for Griffith University Research Scholarships:
The deadline to apply for Griffith University Research Scholarships varies. Applicants can apply at any time, however, candidates must check the key dates and deadlines for the program they want to apply for.
Intake 1: 24 February 2025
Intake 2
:
28 April 2025