Title: Harvard Free Computer Science Course | Harvard CS50 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
If you are interested in Harvard Courses, then you must apply for the Free Computer Science Courses Harvard. However, before you do, go through the eligibility criteria of this free online CS course.
Eligibility Criteria for Harvard Free Computer Science Course:
The Harvard online courses are open to everyone from around the world.
It is an introductory course, so no previous experience in computer science or programming is necessary.
Moreover, Harvard CS50: Introduction to Computer Science course has no age requirements, so anyone can apply for the Harvard free online course with certificate.
All learners will need a reliable internet connection and a device (computer or tablet) that can access the edX platform.
The computer sciences course is free. However, an optional upgrade is available.
Similarly, applicants need to invest 6-18 hours per week to complete the free CS50 course.

Benefits :
Do you meet the criteria above? If yes, you would not want to skip these Harvard Computer Science Courses. Keep on reading to know more about the benefits this course offers.
Benefits of Harvard Computer Science Course:
The free online Harvard CS course is self-paced, meaning you can complete it according to your schedule
It is an introductory level course, therefore, beginners can also enroll with no prerequisites.
Moreover, applicants can learn the basics of computer science, programming, software engineering and web development.
Learners can also get a Harvard certificate if they choose to upgrade.
It is one of the best computer science courses that will help applicants learn some of the most demanded skills.

Application Process:
Want to know how to learn programming? Apply for this free online course by clicking on the ‘’apply now’ button below and learn from top instructors.
Before applying, make sure you meet all the requirements for these Harvard University courses.
Check the session available and select
enroll now
.
All applicants will have to create an account on edX to apply for the Harvard Free Computer Science Course.
There is no deadline to apply for the CS50 edX, however, apply before the CS50 Harvard Free course is archived.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Want to know how to learn programming? Apply for this free online course by clicking on the ‘’apply now’ button below and learn from top instructors.
Before applying, make sure you meet all the requirements for these Harvard University courses.
Check the session available and select
enroll now
.
All applicants will have to create an account on edX to apply for the Harvard Free Computer Science Course.
There is no deadline to apply for the CS50 edX, however, apply before the CS50 Harvard Free course is archived.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.