Title: Harvard University Free Online Course on Contract Law - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
Anyone can apply for this online course

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
There are no specified eligibility criteria for the Harvard University Free Online Course on Contract Law. Anyone who wants to learn this can enroll in the course especially for law students this course is highly recommended.

Benefits :
What you will learn:
Skip to what you want to learn
The theoretical background of contracts, trust, and promise.
How to form contracts by valid offer and acceptance.
Limits to enforce contracts.
Issues that excuse contractual performance.
Resources available for contractual breaches.
Third-party ability to enforce contracts.
The limitations of contract law.
How Courts Interpret Contracts.
Relationship of contracts with agency, society, corporations and regulation.
How to read the contracts to apply these key concepts and understand potential issues and outcomes.

Official and Verified
Receive an instructor-signed certificate with the institution’s logo to verify your achievement and increase your job prospects
Easily Shareable
Add the certificate to your CV or resume, or post it directly on LinkedIn
Proven way of motivation
Give yourself an additional incentive to complete the course
Support our Mission
edX, a non-profit, relies on verified certificates to help fund free education for everyone globally

Application Process:
Please follow the link to apply for the Harvard University Free Online Course on Contract Law .There are charges of verified certification if you want to get more skills and want to learn you can do course for free

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Please follow the link to apply for the Harvard University Free Online Course on Contract Law .There are charges of verified certification if you want to get more skills and want to learn you can do course for free

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.