Title: Harvard World Model United Nations in Tokyo 2022 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Japan

Deadline:
January 25, 2022

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Here are the criteria for the Harvard World Model United Nations:
Applicants must be at least a college student to go to World MUN.
Undergraduate and high school students can register also register.
However, undergraduate students have to attend the MUN conference in person.

Benefits :
Develop leadership skills and build confidence through experience.
Improve public speaking, research, and teamwork on a global forum.
Become acquainted with global issues.

Application Process:
Follow the link below to apply for the Harvard World Model United Nations.
Search for the “Harvard World Model United Nations 2022” under the list of MUN, then apply.
Fill in the personal information, add information about delegates. Then select the society and fill in the details and pay the registration charges.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Follow the link below to apply for the Harvard World Model United Nations.
Search for the “Harvard World Model United Nations 2022” under the list of MUN, then apply.
Fill in the personal information, add information about delegates. Then select the society and fill in the details and pay the registration charges.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.