Title: Helmut Veith Scholarship 2025-2026 in Austria | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Austria

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Deadline:
November 30, 2025

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you interested in studying in Europe? Then why not apply for the Helmut Veith Scholarships 2025? Before you visit the official website and start applying, check the criteria and requirements below.
Eligibility Criteria of Helmut Veith Scholarship 2025-2026 in Austria:
Only female students are eligible.
Applicants must be eligible to get admission in one of the eligible master’s programs in computer science at TU Wien in 2025/2026 that are taught in English
The eligible programs are: Master in Logic and Computation, Master in Data Science, Master in Business Informatics, Master in Computer Engineering, Master in Media and Human-Centered Computing, and Master in Software Engineering and Internet Computing.
Students must have a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Mathematics or equivalent degree.
They should have extensive mathematical and technical knowledge and interest in any of the research areas of Helmut Veith: Logic in Computer Science, Formal Methods and Verification, Foundations of Artificial Intelligence, Algorithms and Complexity Theory, or Computer Security.
They must be proficient in English.

Benefits :
Ready to start your application for this fully funded master’s scholarship? Before that, make sure to check the benefits of this international scholarship. We have listed the benefits below.
Benefits of the Helmut Veith Scholarship 2025-2026 at TU Wien:
Students will get a full tuition fee waiver.
They will get an annual allowance of EUR 7,000 for two years.
This amount can be used to cover other expenses, such as visa, accommodation, and travel.
An amazing opportunity to study in Europe.

Helmut Veith Stipend Scholarship Requirements:
Curriculum Vitae (CV)
Cover Letter
Copy of Passport
Motivation letter
Bachelor’s degree certificate
Transcripts
Two letters of recommendation
Proof of English proficiency (e.g., TOEFL or IELTS)
Research Statement

Application Process:
The application process for the Helmut Veith Scholarship 2025-26 is online.
Applicants must meet the program criteria.
To start your application, click on the Apply Now button below.
Make sure to check all the details.
Fill out the online application form on the portal.
Upload all the required documents.
Submit your application before the deadline.
Helmut Veith Scholarship Deadline:
The last date to apply for the Helmut Veith Scholarship 2025-26 in Austria is
November 30, 2025.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
The application process for the Helmut Veith Scholarship 2025-26 is online.
Applicants must meet the program criteria.
To start your application, click on the Apply Now button below.
Make sure to check all the details.
Fill out the online application form on the portal.
Upload all the required documents.
Submit your application before the deadline.
Helmut Veith Scholarship Deadline:
The last date to apply for the Helmut Veith Scholarship 2025-26 in Austria is
November 30, 2025.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.