Title: Hiring Operation Manager at Opportunities Circle | Job Opportunity - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Pakistan

Financial coverage:
Paid

Eligible Regions:
Islamabad

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Following are the criteria and requirements for the Operation Manager position.
Educational and Work Experience Requirements
Candidates must have a bachelor’s degree in business administration or related fields.
They must have least one year of experience in a management role.
Strong leadership skills and the ability to delegate tasks effectively.
Excellent communication and organizational skills.
Ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment.
Strong understanding of office management principles.
Proficiency with office software and tools.
Professional appearance and demeanor.
This is not a remote job.
Candidates must be residing in Islamabad.
Female candidates are encouraged to apply as Opportunities circle offers equal opportunities for men and women.
Job Requirements
The operation manager is required to work full-time from 9-5 and 40 hours per week.
The operation manager must bring their laptop to work and should be fine with commuting to visit different places and represent the company.
The operation manager should also be fine with appearing on opportunities circle social media.
Professional appearance and demeanor.
Other Requirements
Futuristic approach.
Have a growth mindset.
Exciting and energetic personality.

Job/Internship Description :
Responsibilities of Operation Manager:
Oversee and manage the administrative functions of the organization.
Supervise and train staff.
Develop and implement policies and procedures.
Coordinate meetings and events.
Manage budgets and resources.
Manage the organization’s information systems, including maintaining databases and managing the company’s website and social media presence.
Ensure the security of all electronic data.
Lead and motivate the administrative team to meet goals and objectives.
Foster a positive and productive work environment.
Provide support to other departments as needed.

Benefits :
Following are the benefits offered for the Operation Manager by the Opportunities circle.
Market competitive salary.
International networking opportunities.
Gain experience working with a global company.

Application Process:
Click on the
apply now
button below and fill out the form.
Upload your updated Resume and a short interview.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Click on the
apply now
button below and fill out the form.
Upload your updated Resume and a short interview.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.