Title: HKU CDS Research Internship Program 2025 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Hong Kong

Financial coverage:
Paid

Deadline:
May 30, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
International students must avail this opportunity to gain valuable experience. However, before starting your application, check the eligibility criteria and requirements of the HKU CDS Internship 2025 in Hong Kong to ensure your eligibility.
Eligibility Criteria for HKU CDS Research Internship Program 2025:
The HKU Summer Internship 2025 is open to students from all over the world.
Current 2nd or 3rd-year undergraduate students are eligible to apply for this
Hong Kong research internship.
Students must be studying Computer Science, Statistics, Actuarial Science, or any related field.
Interns will be required to get a “training visa” through the Hong Kong Immigration Department.
A supporting letter will also be required from the applicant’s home institution, which states that the institution supports the training at HKU and should also confirm that the intern will return to their studies upon completion of the internship.

Benefits :
You must be thinking about the benefits this HKU internship will provide to international students.  Opportunities Circle has listed the HKU-CDS Research Internship Program 2025 benefits and financial coverage below.
Benefits of the HKU CDS Research Internship Programme 2025:
Interns will get a stipend of HK$22,274.
The stipend amount can be used to cover Airfare Tickets, Accommodation, Living Expenses, Visa Costs, or any other related costs.
It is a great learning opportunity for students.
The HKU Research Internship will allow interns to connect with professionals and polish their research abilities.

University of Hong Kong HKU CDS Internship Requirements:
CV
Statement of Purpose
Transcript
Supporting letter from the intern’s home institution/university
Recommendation letter (optional)
TOEFL Score (optional)

Application Process:
The application process for the University of Hong Kong HKU CDS Internship 2025 is online.
Applicants will be required to fill in the HKU CDS Research Internship Programme 2025 Application Form.
Make sure to fill out all the details carefully.
Applicants are advised to contact potential supervisors to identify possible research projects before applying. For more details about the supervisors, click
here
.
Upload all the required documents.
Submit your application before the deadline.
HKU CDS Research Internship Deadline:
The last date to apply for the HKU CDS Research Internship Program 2025 is
30 May 2025.