Title: Humboldt Research Fellowship in Germany 2025-2026 | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Germany

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Does this fellowship in Germany sound interesting to you? And are you searching for a fellowship program to start your own research? If yes, then the Humboldt fellowship is for you. However, make sure to check the eligibility criteria. Opportunities Circle has listed the criteria below.
Eligibility Criteria of Humboldt Research Fellowship 2025 in Germany:
All International students are eligible for this fellowship program.
Applicants must have completed their PhD degree four years before applying for the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation fellowship.
Fellows who have completed a doctorate or equivalent academic qualification within the last twelve years are eligible to apply, provided they meet the other criteria as well.
They must be fluent in English; knowing German would be a plus point.
Applicants must not have lived longer than six months within 18 months in Germany before the application.
Moreover, applicants who have already received sponsorship from the Humboldt Foundation are ineligible to apply for the Research Fellowship in Germany.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If you do, you must read the various benefits of the Humboldt fellowship. Before applying, check the financial coverage and benefits provided by Humboldt Research Fellowship in Germany 2025 below.
Benefits of the Humboldt Research Fellowship 2025:
The fellowship by Humboldt is a fully funded fellowship that offers all beginner postdoc fellows a monthly stipend of €2,700.
The fellowship amount for experienced researchers well advanced in their career receive a fellowship amount of
€3,200.
Similarly, mobility allowance and travel expenses are also covered.
Medical and health insurance will also be provided, along with personal support.
Furthermore, language courses for both the fellows and their partners will be provided.
Family stipend for accompanying family members staying for at least three months.
An allowance for a stay at a research institute in another European country.

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for the Humboldt Research program in 2025?  Click on the ‘apply now’ button to visit the official portal.
The application process for the Humboldt Research Fellowship is online.
Complete the application form carefully and provide all the necessary documents.
The selection committee for the Humboldt Research Fellowship in Germany meets in March, July, and November. All applications must be submitted well in advance of the selection date.
The committee processes applications within four to eight months.
Fellows who are selected can begin their fellowship between two and twelve months after their selection.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for the Humboldt Research program in 2025?  Click on the ‘apply now’ button to visit the official portal.
The application process for the Humboldt Research Fellowship is online.
Complete the application form carefully and provide all the necessary documents.
The selection committee for the Humboldt Research Fellowship in Germany meets in March, July, and November. All applications must be submitted well in advance of the selection date.
The committee processes applications within four to eight months.
Fellows who are selected can begin their fellowship between two and twelve months after their selection.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services