Title: British Council Free Online IELTS Preparation - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
Anyone can Apply

Deadline:
December 31, 2020

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Whoever wants to improve English language skills can enroll for this course.

Benefits :
There is no enrollment fee, also it is self-placed.
You can access from any part of the world.
Flexible schedule and environment for students.

The course comprises of the following:
Understanding IELTS:
Listening
Understanding IELTS:
Writing
English for the Workplace
Understanding IELTS:
Reading
Understanding IELTS:
Speaking
LEVELS OF PREP
Beginner A1
Pre Intermediate A2
Intermediate B1
Upper-Intermediate B2
Advance C1

Application Process:
Please follow the link below to enroll in the program

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Please follow the link below to enroll in the program

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.