Title: IELTS Reading Courses From British Council (Free Course) - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
Anyone can apply

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
This IELTS Reading Courses From British Council is free for all and everyone can apply for the course who want to improve their reading skills and also those

Benefits :
Here are some of the benefits of this course, you will
Explore the IELTS reading test format and learn about the different types of text you need to read.
Develop learning strategies to help you tackle different types of tasks, from multiple choice to true, false, and not given.
Apply techniques that will help you deal with the type of complex texts on unfamiliar topics that you will find in your IELTS studies.
Build confidence, learn how to improve your test performance, and feel fully prepared on test day

Application Process:
Please follow the link below to apply

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Please follow the link below to apply

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.