Title: IFAD Enhanced Internship Programme 2025 | Paid Internships - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Italy/Different

Financial coverage:
Paid

Eligibility Criteria :
Do you want to become an IFAD Intern? If yes, you must apply for the IFAD internship. However, before you apply, make sure to go through the eligibility criteria below to ensure you meet all the requirements for this internship.
Eligibility Criteria for IFAD Enhanced Internship Programme:
The IFAD Internship is open to both recent university graduates and students specializing in fields relevant to IFAD’s mission.
Current students must be enrolled in a university or graduate school, having attended courses within the last 24 months and completed at least two years of undergraduate studies upon joining the IFAD Enhanced Internship Programme.
Applicants should be 30 years of age or younger.
The Enhanced Internship Programme aims to enhance geographic distribution of staff at IFAD, particularly by offering opportunities to candidates who meet the eligibility criteria and are not based in Rome.
Moreover, proficiency in English is essential for all candidates to be eligible for the EIP 2025. Proficiency in other official IFAD languages is advantageous. For interns recruited in IFAD country offices, proficiency in the main country language may be necessary.

Benefits :
If you meet the eligibility criteria above, do not forget to read the various advantages of the IFAD Enhanced Internship Programme in Rome. Opportunities Circle has compiled a list of all the benefits below for interns.
Benefits of IFAD Internship Programme 2025:
The Internship Programme by IFAD 2025 is a fantastic learning opportunity for students and graduates.
EIP interns receive a higher monthly stipend to cover their living expenses during the internship period.
This stipend can be used to cover housing expenses. Hence, reducing the financial burden of securing accommodation in Rome or other designated locations.
The IFAD Enhanced Internship Programme stipend can also be used to cover travel expenses.
It is an excellent funded internship program in Europe.

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for the IFAD Enhanced Internship 2025?
If you wish to apply for the IFAD internship 2025, click on the ‘apply now’ button below or visit the official website.
Before you apply, ensure you meet the eligibility criteria and requirements.
All interested candidates must first register and create a profile online. The entire application process should be completed online.
After that, select the view all jobs section and go on to view the internship programme.
Make sure to check the minimum requirements and deadline for the Enhanced Internship Programme by IFAD.
Application Deadline for IFAD Enhanced Internship in Rome:
The deadline to apply for the IFAD Enhanced Internship Programme 2025 is not mentioned. Apply as soon as possible.