Title: INSAIT Graduate Research Fellowship 2025 in Bulgaria | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Bulgaria

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Do you want to become an INSAIT fellow? If yes, you must apply for this graduate research fellowship. However, before you apply, go through the eligibility criteria below to make sure you meet all requirements.
Eligibility Criteria for INSAIT Graduate Research Fellowship 2025:
The INSAIT graduate fellowship is open to applicants from around the world.
Graduate students currently enrolled in or recently graduated from a Master’s program at an accredited university are eligible for this fellowship in Europe.
Moreover, applicants should have studied a STEM-related field such as computer science, mathematics, physics, or engineering.
The program encourages applications from underrepresented groups in STEM.
Fellows must deliver a project plan in collaboration with their mentor at the start of the program.
They should also submit a final report summarizing their work, formatted as a conference paper, with the goal of submission to an appropriate conference.
Similarly, they will have to give a final presentation as part of the INSAIT seminar series.
The Bulgaria fellowship will take place in-person and remote work is not possible.
Therefore, all participants should be physically present at the institute in Sofia, Bulgaria, for a minimum of 8 weeks and a maximum of 12 weeks.

Benefits :
If you meet the eligibility criteria above, you would not want to miss the INSAIT Graduate Fellowship 2025. Read the various benefits this research fellowship offers all fellows. Opportunities Circles has listed the advantages for you below.
Benefits of INSAIT Graduate Research Fellowship:
INSAIT GRF is a fully funded fellowship that provides generous benefits and financial assistance to fellows.
It offers a generous monthly stipend of 2000 EUR to help students cover their living expenses during the program.
The fellowship in Bulgaria also provides accommodation and covers the costs.
Moreover, the graduate research fellowship provides travel and visa support for fellows.
All fellows will gain research experience and mentorship from experienced faculty.
It is a fantastic opportunity to study and live in Sofia, Bulgaria and experience the European culture.

INSAIT Graduate Fellowship Requirements:
All documents must be submitted in PDF format as part of the application.
CV
Unofficial transcript or a master’s diploma from your university
Motivation letter (1 page)

Application Process:
Want to know how to get INSAIT Fellowship in Europe? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application process.
However, before you apply, make sure you meet all requirements.
The entire application process for INSAIT Graduate Research Fellowship 2025 is online.
Carefully fill out the application form and submit your documents as part of the process.
The Institute for Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence and Technology Fellowship will last between 8 to 12 weeks, with the exact duration agreed upon by the student and their mentor.
INSAIT Graduate Research Fellowship Deadline:
There is no deadline to apply for INSAIT Graduate Research Fellowship Program. Applications are accepted throughout the year.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Want to know how to get INSAIT Fellowship in Europe? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application process.
However, before you apply, make sure you meet all requirements.
The entire application process for INSAIT Graduate Research Fellowship 2025 is online.
Carefully fill out the application form and submit your documents as part of the process.
The Institute for Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence and Technology Fellowship will last between 8 to 12 weeks, with the exact duration agreed upon by the student and their mentor.
INSAIT Graduate Research Fellowship Deadline:
There is no deadline to apply for INSAIT Graduate Research Fellowship Program. Applications are accepted throughout the year.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.