Title: Interpol Internships 2025 in France | Paid Internship - Opportunities Circle

Country:
France

Financial coverage:
Paid

Eligibility Criteria :
If you want to be an Interpol intern in 2025, then make sure to apply for the Interpol Internship 2025 as soon as possible. Before you do, go through the eligibility criteria and requirements for this paid internship in Europe below.
Eligibility Criteria for Interpol Internships 2025 in France:
Applicants for the Interpol paid internship must be nationals of one of the
Interpol’s member countries
.
Individuals enrolled in or graduated from a post-secondary accredited institution within the past one year on the date of applying for the Interpol Internships 2025 in France are eligible.
Applicants must have attained the legal age of majority in their national country.
Applicants must be fluent in English.
Applicants must meet the specific requirements of each specific internship program for which they wish to apply.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If yes, you won’t want to miss this opportunity to work at Interpol. So, make sure to read about the various benefits of this paid internship program in 2025.
Benefits of Interpol Internships in Europe 2025:
For 2025, Interpol interns will receive an allowance of 700 euros and a transport subsidy of 30 euros per month.
Interns will also receive a housing subsidy of 170 euros per month.
A chance to work in an international organization.
Interns are responsible for getting and financing their visas. Interpol will only provide the necessary documents.
An opportunity to visit Europe.

Interpol Internship Programme Requirements:
Certificate of non-criminal record.
Cover Letter.

Application Process:
Click on the Apply Now button to start your application for the Interpol paid internships.
Applicants can apply through the online
Talentlink platform
.
You can get all of the vacancy announcements there.
Applications should be submitted in response to specific internship vacancies; otherwise, they will not be considered.
Applicants must apply with a Cover letter and other documents if required.
Interpol Internships Deadline:
There isn’t any deadline mentioned for the Interpol Internships 2025 in France. But make sure to apply as soon as possible so you don’t miss this amazing opportunity.