Title: International Business Free Course by the University of New Mexico - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Eligibility Criteria :
If this free online business course sounds interesting to you, then do not forget to enroll yourself in the International Business Course by University of New Mexico and review the eligibility criteria for this course below.
Eligibility Criteria for the International Business Free Course:
The course is recommended for students interested in Business Strategy, however, anyone from around the globe can apply.
This online course by University of New Mexico does not have any prerequisites or prior knowledge requirements.
Students who enroll in this International Business free course will have to commit two hours per week to successfully complete it.
Access to the internet is mandatory, and participants should ensure that their computer or device meets the basic system requirements.
Similarly, prior experience or specific skills are not a prerequisite for this free business studies course.
To qualify for the certificate of completion, applicants must successfully finish and pass all quizzes and assignments.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria for this online Business course? If you do, make sure to go through the various advantages of this free online course on Coursera.
Benefits of the International Business Course by University of New Mexico:
The course is available on Coursera, a widely accessible online learning platform. Therefore, learners from around the world can enroll for free.
Financial aid or scholarship is also available for the International Business Online Course.
This online course in entirely self-paced and students can create their own schedules and learn accordingly.
Moreover, the International Business course helps students learn about various business strategies, all within a global business landscape.
This International Business free course is available to everyone with any background or qualification.
Applicants will learn essential topics in international business, including global trade, globalization, market entry strategies, and cultural considerations. Hence, providing learners with a well-rounded understanding of the subject.
Coursera creates a supportive learning community and provides access to instructors for guidance and assistance.
Moreover, students can earn a shareable certificate upon completion of the online course through the audit track or financial aid.

Application Process:
How to Apply for the International Business Free Course on Coursera?
If you want to apply for the International Business course, click on the “apply now” button, which will redirect you to the official website.
Students can enroll themselves by choosing the ‘enroll now’ option and then logging in through their account.
Select the free course no certificate option if you do not wish to pay for the certificate.
However, before you enroll, make sure to apply for financial aid if you wish to earn a free certificate.
By signing up on Coursera, students can easily get access to the International Business Free Course by the University of New Mexico.