Title: Introduction to Artificial Intelligence Free Course | Learn AI - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
If you want to pursue a career in AI and learn the basics, you must apply for this free AI course online. However, before you apply, go through the requirements of this IBM Course below.
Eligibility Criteria for Introduction to Artificial Intelligence Free Course:
The Artificial Intelligence Free Course is open to everyone from across the globe.
It is a beginner-level course and does not require any previous experience.
Moreover, there are no age requirements to enroll for the free AI Course. It is open to all students, professionals and AI enthusiasts.
Applicants must have a stable internet connection and a device to access this course.
They need to invest approximately 13 hours to complete the Introduction to AI free course.
Similarly, this free course includes 12 assignments and is a part of multiple programs. Candidates must select a specific program while enrolling for the IBM free AI course.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria of the Artificial Intelligence courses above? If yes, you must read the various benefits this free online course offers.
Benefits of Introduction to AI Free Course:
The AI course for beginners is completely flexible and learners can complete the course at their own pace.
It is a beginner-level course and does not have any prerequisites.
Anyone can apply for this free course and polish their skills.
Learners can explore the growing career paths in AI and gain the necessary skills to excel in the field.
All applicants will learn the basics of AI, including skills such as Generative AI, Natural Language Processing, AI Ethics, Machine Learning and more.
The Introduction to Artificial Intelligence Free Course also offers a shareable certificate and financial aid.
It is one of the best AI courses for beginners.

How to Apply for Financial Aid for Free Artificial Intelligence Course?
All applicants should complete the financial aid form to access the AI Course for free and earn a certificate.
Select the Introduction to Artificial Intelligence Free Course when applying for financial aid.
Click “Next” and fill out the details.
Make sure your application contains at least 150 words.
It will take around 16 days to review your application.
Click
here
for more information about financial aid on Coursera.

Application Process:
Want to know how to learn AI for free? Apply for this introductory course and polish your skills.
Click on the ‘apply now’ button below to enroll for this free AI course online.
Ensure you meet the requirements and criteria of the IBM course.
Select
enroll for free
option and start learning Artificial Intelligence.
Create an account on Coursera to register for the course.
There is no deadline to apply for the Introduction to Artificial Intelligence Free Course.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Want to know how to learn AI for free? Apply for this introductory course and polish your skills.
Click on the ‘apply now’ button below to enroll for this free AI course online.
Ensure you meet the requirements and criteria of the IBM course.
Select
enroll for free
option and start learning Artificial Intelligence.
Create an account on Coursera to register for the course.
There is no deadline to apply for the Introduction to Artificial Intelligence Free Course.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.