Title: IsDB Young Professionals Program 2025 in Saudi Arabia - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Saudi Arabia

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Deadline:
May 31, 2025

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Does this Young Professionals Program by Islamic Development Bank sound interesting to you? If it does, do not forget to go through the eligibility criteria for the IsDB (YPP) 2025 below.
Eligibility Criteria for the IsDB Young Professionals Program 2025:
The IsDB Professionals Program is open to passionate young professionals who want to get a fast-track career in international development.
Candidates should be 32 years of age or younger to apply for the training program.
To be eligible, applicants must be citizens of an IsDB member country. However, a portion of up to 25% of selected candidates from each cohort may be from Muslim communities in non-member Countries.
Candidates must have at least a Master’s degree from a reputable university in a field relevant to the Bank’s operations.
In addition, applicants currently pursuing a Master’s degree are eligible if they submit their latest transcripts that show outstanding academic standing.
Proficiency in English, both oral and written, is essential. Likewise, proficiency in one of the Bank’s other operational languages (Arabic or French) is also advantageous.
Moreover, applicants must be willing to reside in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, and be ready to travel for country assignments as per the Bank’s business requirements, including potential rotation to an IsDB Regional Hub.
All applicants must demonstrate a strong commitment to and passion for the IsDB’s mission and its development model to be eligible for the Young Professionals Program 2025
Candidates should have up to five years of relevant professional experience in one of the core sectors of the bank.
Similarly, applicants with a distinction or merit or honors in their Master’s will also be given priority.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria and requirements above? If yes, make sure to go through the various benefits of the Young Professionals Program by Islamic Development Bank.
Benefits of the Islamic Development Bank YPP:
The IsDB Young Professionals Program (YPP) is a fully funded program.
Members of this training program receive a tax-free competitive salary.
They will also get group personal accident insurance and children of participants will receive education grants.
Similarly, the IsDB program offers annual tickets to and from the home country of participants along with medical coverage.
The YPP includes a comprehensive 2-year training program for all its participants.
In addition, young professionals will be matched with career advisors to provide guidance throughout their tenure at IsDB.
They will be a part of mission assignments and various field rotations, along with boosting their career and skills.
Through the IsDB Young Professionals Program (YPP) 2025, all YPs will have the opportunity to study and live in Jeddah.

IsDB Young Professionals Program Requirements:
CV/resume
Passport-size photograph
Transcript of Bachelor’s degree with GPA scores
Transcript of Master’s degree with GPA scores
Transcript of Doctorate’s with GPA scores
Professional certifications

Application Process:
How to apply for the IsDb Young Professionals Program 2025?
To apply for the IsDb Young Professionals Program, visit the official website or click on the ‘apply now’ button below.
However, before you apply, make sure you meet the requirements and eligibility criteria for the Islamic Development Program YPP.
Carefully fill out the application form and submit the necessary documents.
All applicants must apply before the deadline.
IsDB Young Professionals Program Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the IsDB Young Professionals Program 2025 is
31 May 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
How to apply for the IsDb Young Professionals Program 2025?
To apply for the IsDb Young Professionals Program, visit the official website or click on the ‘apply now’ button below.
However, before you apply, make sure you meet the requirements and eligibility criteria for the Islamic Development Program YPP.
Carefully fill out the application form and submit the necessary documents.
All applicants must apply before the deadline.
IsDB Young Professionals Program Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the IsDB Young Professionals Program 2025 is
31 May 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.