Title: IST Internship Program in Austria 2025 | Paid Internship in Europe - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Austria

Financial coverage:
Paid

Eligibility Criteria :
IST Internship Austria is one of the top fully funded internships offered for international students. You must also avail this paid internship in Europe to gain valuable experience; before that, check the criteria below to ensure your eligibility for the IST Scientific Internship Program 2025.
Eligibility Criteria for IST Scientific Internships in Austria 2025:
IST Scientific Internships are open to students from al around the world with any nationality.
Applicants of the IST Internship Program in Austria can either be a bachelor’s or master’s current student or a bachelor’s/master’s graduate.
Applicants must identify the specific research group or scientist they are keen on collaborating with. To explore the variety of research groups, refer to the available research groups.
Once you have identified a research group that aligns with your interests, reach out to the leader of the research group or the staff scientist directly via email.
Moreover, to be eligible for ISTA Internships, the degree must be in natural or computer sciences, mathematics, or any discipline related to these.
Applicants must be interested in the research topic of the research group they are applying for under the IST Internship Program in Austria 2025.
Applicants must know about the research project they want to select for the scientific internship program.

Benefits :
Do you want to be an IST intern? Before you proceed to apply for the IST Paid Internship Program in Europe, check what financial coverage is offered. The international internship is fully funded so you do not need to worry. Further details about the benefits of Scientific Internships are provided below.
Benefits of the IST Internship Program 2025 in Austria:
The IST Scientific Internships offer a minimum salary of EUR 1,462 gross/month.
Moreover, interns can apply at any time since the IST Scientific Internships are open all year-round.
ISTA internship is completely free to participate and there is no application fee at any stage.
Interns will get an opportunity to gain research experience under direct supervision of professionals.
The IST Internship Program is an excellent opportunity to gain experience at top laboratories in Europe.
Work with international researchers.
Connect with like-minded scientists and mentors from all around the world.

Documents Required for the IST Scientific Internships:
Following are the documents required for the IST Internship Program 2025:
CV/resume (in pdf)
Short introduction to your background and motivation
Dates of your internship (start date should be a minimum of 2 months ahead)

Application Process:
Want to know how to apply for IST Scientific Internships? The application process for the fully funded IST internship program 2025 is online.
Click on the “apply now” button to start your application process for the Internship Program by IST 2025 in Austria.
Applicants must register themselves on the official website to become a scientific intern at IST.
Select the specific research group or scientist you want to collaborating with.
In addition, make sure to submit all the necessary documents for this internship in Europe.
Applicants must fill in the application form for the IST internship program 2025.
Make sure to complete your application form completely and correctly before submitting it.
Candidates are selected by either the head of a research group (Professor or Assistant Professor) or the staff scientists. The appointment also depends upon the availability of funds. applicants should apply at least two months before the start of their internship.
Applicants must submit all the required documents and application before the IST Scientific Internship deadline.
Application Deadline for IST Scientific Internships 2025:
There is no deadline to apply for the IST Scientific Internships Program 2025 in Austria. Apply at least two months before the start of internship.