Title: ITRI Taiwan Summer Internship 2025 | Paid Internship - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Taiwan

Financial coverage:
Paid

Eligibility Criteria :
If you want to study in Taiwan and pursue an international internship, you must apply for the ITRI Internship Program. However, before you apply, make sure you meet the eligibility criteria and requirements for this summer program.
Eligibility Criteria for ITRI Taiwan Summer Internship 2025:
The Taiwan Internship 2025 is open to students from around the world.
Applicants must provide official documentation from their university confirming student status during and after the entire internship period.
To be eligible for this paid internship, candidates must hold a valid passport from a country other than Taiwan (ROC).
Moreover, summer interns must be available for a minimum of 10 weeks between May and September, while longer internships of 4-6 months are available throughout the year.
ROC citizens without a foreign passport are not eligible for the International Internship Program positions listed on the website.
English will be the primary working language unless otherwise specified in the job description.
Interns are responsible for their travel expenses to and from ITRI’s Taiwan campuses unless stated otherwise in the offer.
Similarly, ITRI will secure internship work permission for selected interns, who must obtain ROC visas from the nearest Taiwan Economic and Cultural Office before traveling.

Benefits :
Do you meet the criteria and requirements above? If you do, you would not want to miss these paid Taiwan internships. Keep on reading to know more details about the financial coverage and benefits this internship offers.
Benefits of ITRI Taiwan Summer Internship:
It is a paid internship for students that offers a monthly stipend ranging from NT$24,000 to NT$40,000, depending on their experience and department placement.
Interns will receive on-campus accommodation with modern dormitory housing and access to dining and recreational facilities.
Summer interns will also get free ITRI Group accident insurance. However, those who want full medical coverage must arrange it independently.
Similarly, it is a fantastic paid summer internship that offers a transformative experience.
The standard package may vary based on individual circumstances and the final offer will outline specific details.

Application Process:
Want to know how to apply for ITRI Taiwan Summer Internship? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application process.
However, before you apply, ensure you meet all requirements and criteria.
Select the internship position that best suits you and make sure you meet any additional criteria for it.
Carefully fill out the application form and check the job description.
ITRI Taiwan Summer Internship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for ITRI Taiwan Summer Internship 2025 is not mentioned. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so make sure to apply as soon as possible.

Application Process:
Want to know how to apply for ITRI Taiwan Summer Internship? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application process.
However, before you apply, ensure you meet all requirements and criteria.
Select the internship position that best suits you and make sure you meet any additional criteria for it.
Carefully fill out the application form and check the job description.
ITRI Taiwan Summer Internship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for ITRI Taiwan Summer Internship 2025 is not mentioned. Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis, so make sure to apply as soon as possible.