Title: Jiangsu University Presidential Scholarship 2025 in China - Opportunities Circle

Country:
China

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded, Partially Funded

Deadline:
July 14, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Interested to study in China with a scholarship? Before starting the application process, check the criteria below to ensure your eligibility for the Jiangsu University Presidential Scholarship in China 2025-26.
Eligibility Criteria for Jiangsu University Presidential Scholarship 2025:
Applicants applying for the bachelor’s degree should be 18-25 years old.
Master’s degree applicants should be under 30 years old.
Applicants applying for the PhD program must be under 40 years old.
Non-Chinese citizens with a valid passport are eligible to apply for the JSU Presidential Scholarship.
Applicants must demonstrate strong academic performance and meet the minimum academic requirements set by Jiangsu University.
Similarly, only available programs are open to students for receiving scholarships.
The China scholarship is not compatible with other scholarships.

Benefits :
If you meet the above-mentioned eligibility criteria and it sounds like a scholarship opportunity you do not want to miss, then go ahead and read the benefits and financial coverage of the Jiangsu University Presidential Scholarship. Opportunities Circle has compiled the benefits of the Jiangsu University Scholarship 2025 below.
Benefits of the Jiangsu University Presidential Scholarship:
The scholarship offers financial support to students, helping to cover tuition fees and other cost.
The presidential scholarship in China will provide CNY 10,000 tuition fee waiver for the first year of the undergraduate program, the same amount will be provided annually as Type B of this scholarship.
CNY 20,000 will be provided for the first year of the master’s program.
Jiangsu University offers free tuition and accommodation on campus for the first year of PhD programs.
Students can benefit from world-class faculty, advanced laboratories, libraries, and other academic resources at Jiangsu University.
The Jiangsu University Presidential Scholarship
is renewable after the annual assessment.
JSU attracts a diverse student body from various countries and cultural backgrounds.
Chance to study at one of the top 40-ranked universities in China.
Explore Chinese culture and explore career opportunities for international students.

Jiangsu Presidential Scholarship Requirements:
Certified copies of your degree certificate and academic transcripts
A scanned copy of the main page of your passport (valid until after 31 March 2026)
Proof of your family’s financial statement
A well-crafted study plan (if required)
Proof of English language proficiency (if required)
A completed Foreigner Student Physical Examination Form
Two original recommendation letters (master’s and PhD only)
A research proposal (master’s and PhD only)
Non-criminal record within six months

Application Process:
You must be thinking about how to apply for the Jiangsu University Presidential Scholarship 2025 in China.
The application process is online. Click on the ‘a
pply now’
button below to start your application process. Fill out the application form.
Then applicants will have to create an account on the portal.
Before applying for the Jiangsu University Presidential Scholarship, make sure the course/program of your interest is offered by the university.
After creating an account, applicants will have to fill out the admission form and upload the scholarship application form to the JSU Presidential Scholarship (applicants may have to pay an application fee).
Once you have submitted your application for the JSU Presidential Scholarship at Jiangsu University, all applications will be reviewed.
If you are selected as a recipient of the scholarship in China 2025, you will receive an email containing an acceptance.
Upon accepting the offer, the JSU OEC department will provide you with the necessary documents for the Chinese study visa application.
Once you have obtained the visa, you can make arrangements to travel to China and begin your classes at Jiangsu University for Autumn intake.
It is crucial to follow the visa application process.
For more information, click
here
.
Application Deadline for JSU Presidential Scholarship 2025:
The deadline to apply for the Jiangsu University Presidential Scholarship is
14 July 2025
for Autumn intake.