Title: John Thompson Scholarship 2025 in Ireland | Study in Europe - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Ireland

Financial coverage:
Partially Funded

Deadline:
July 30, 2025

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Read the details above and ready to apply for the DCU
scholarship
? Wait! Check if you meet the DCU John Thompson Scholarship criteria and requirements. The eligibility criteria for a Scholarship in Ireland are provided below.
Eligibility Criteria for the John Thompson Scholarship 2025 in Ireland:
Applicants from all over the world are eligible to apply.
Applicants must have a good knowledge of English.
Students must have a first-class bachelor’s Degree.
Additionally, applicants applying for the scholarship must have an interest in and understanding of marketing, media, business, and journalism.
Furthermore, applicants must meet the academic and entry requirements of the MSc Digital Marketing program.
Applicants must have already applied to the MSc Digital Marketing program at DCU Business School to be eligible for this scholarship.

Benefits :
If you are eligible for the John Thompson master’s scholarship in Europe and ready for the application process, you should also know the benefits of the partially funded master’s scholarship. We have provided the benefits below:
Benefits of the DCU John Thompson Scholarship 2025 in Europe:
John Thompson Scholarship 2025 will provide a full waiver in the tuition fees of the selected student.
Students will get exposure to cutting-edge research, industry practice, academic rigour, and applied workshops and projects.
An opportunity to learn from experienced international and Irish experts from industry.
Chance to get practical experience in areas such as data analytics, visualization, digital advertising, communication, and digital marketing strategy.
An opportunity to study in Europe and explore European culture.
It is a chance for international students to practically learn about today’s most demanded fields and skills.

Required Documents:
CV
Statement of Motivation and suitability for the DCU scholarship (maximum 250 words).
Copy of academic transcript/proof of final degree award

Application Process:
Click on the Apply Now button below to read more about the application process.
Applicants can send their submissions to Head fof Marketing at DCU Business School, through email.
The submission must contain all the required documents.
Applicants must be submitted before the deadline.
John Thompson Scholarship Deadline:
The last date to apply for the DCU John Thompson Scholarship for Digital Marketing is
30 July 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Click on the Apply Now button below to read more about the application process.
Applicants can send their submissions to Head fof Marketing at DCU Business School, through email.
The submission must contain all the required documents.
Applicants must be submitted before the deadline.
John Thompson Scholarship Deadline:
The last date to apply for the DCU John Thompson Scholarship for Digital Marketing is
30 July 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.