Title: KAIST EE Camp in South Korea 2025 | Fully Funded Trip to South Korea - Opportunities Circle

Country:
South Korea

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Deadline:
May 23, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
You must be interested in applying for the KAIST EE Camp 2025 in South Korea. Before you start the application process, check the requirements of this fully funded camp in South Korea. Applicants must meet the following criteria to apply for the fully funded opportunity.
Eligibility Criteria of the KAIST Summer Camp in South Korea:
Students from all over the world can apply for the KAIST Electrical Engineering Camp 2025.
Highly motivated and talented and who want to pursue graduate studies at KAIST are encouraged to apply for KAIST EE camp 2025.
Those who are in their fourth year and are ready to graduate will be preferred for this exchange program.
Students with majors in Computer Science, Physics, Material Science, Electrical, Maths, etc., can apply for this short summer program in South Korea.

Benefits :
Are you ready to visit South Korea for free? Then you must apply for this fully funded program in South Korea. Before this, check the financial coverage and benefits of this KAIST EE summer program.
Financial Benefits of the KAIST EE Camp 2025 in South Korea:
KAIST EE supports all the essential costs related to the camp activities.
Participants will get round-trip flight coverage to visit South Korea for free.
KAIST will also provide accommodation.
In addition, participants will also get meal coverage.
Learn and explore everything about KAIST EE.
KAIST EE Camp 2025 is an opportunity to visit KAIST Camp and Electrical Engineering laboratories.
Moreover, get knowledge about the KAIST EE graduate admission process and programs.
Furthermore, international students will get a chance to meet KAIST EE Faculty and current students.

Requirements for KAIST EE Visit Camp 2025:
Updated CV
Recent transcript
Passport (on shortlisting)
Complete application form

Application Process:
The application process for the KAIST Camp in South Korea is online.
Applicants must fill up the online application for the 2025 KAIST EE visit camp.
They must provide personal information, including name, email, nationality etc.
Applicants must fill in all the required fields of the application form.
Make sure to upload all the required documents.
For more information, click
here
.
Fill out your application carefully and submit it before the KAIST EE Camp deadline.
KAIST EE Camp 2025 Application Deadline:
The last date to apply for the 2025 KAIST EE Camp in South Korea is
23 May 2025
.