Title: KAIST Global IT Technology Program 2025 | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
South Korea

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Deadline:
December 23, 2024

Eligibility Criteria :
If you want are looking for scholarships in South Korea, the ITTP scholarship program is an excellent opportunity for you. Go through the edibility criteria below to ensure you meet all requirements for this KAIST Scholarship 2025.
Eligibility Criteria for KAIST Global IT Technology Program 2025:
Candidates from any country are eligible to apply for this Korean Scholarship.
In addition, it is open to government officials, public institution employees, or senior researchers at national research centers specializing in IT-related fields.
Employees of private institutions are not eligible to apply for the Global IT Technology Scholarship 2025.
All applicants must hold at least a bachelor’s or master’s degree in an IT-related discipline.
Moreover, applicants must demonstrate English language proficiency. TOEFL (iBT 83, PBT 560, CBT 220), IELTS: 6.5, TEPS: 599, TOEIC: 720 or higher.
The test must be taken within two years of the application deadline. It can also be replaced with an English phone interview with the ITTP director.

Benefits :
Do you meet the criteria above? If yes, you would not want to miss the KAIST IT Scholarship. Keep on reading if you want to know about the benefits this Korean scholarship offers.
Benefits of KAIST ITTP Scholarship:
The scholarship in Korea offers various benefits. It is a fully funded scholarship for international students.
All applicants will receive a one-way economy class airfare is provided, capped at a maximum of 1,500,000 KRW.
In addition, students will receive a monthly stipend of 1,500,000 KRW to cover living expenses.
The KAIST Global IT Technology Program also provides national medical insurance coverage for all scholarship recipients.
Similarly, applicants will get relocation expenses as well.
For master’s programs, all students will receive a scholarship for up to two years and for doctorate programs, students will get a scholarship for up to three years.
It is an excellent opportunity to study in South Korea and study on a fully funded scholarship.

KAIST ITTP Scholarship Requirements:
Online application
Printed version of application form
Recommendation letter
Additional documents (as required)

Application Process:
Want to know how to apply for KAIST Global IT Technology Program Scholarship? Keep on reading to know more about the application process.
Click the ‘apply now’ button below to go to the official portal.
Before applying, make sure you meet all criteria and requirements of this KAIST Scholarship in Korea.
Carefully fill the online application form on the online application page.
Pay the application fee.
Make sure to print the completed application.
As part of the online application process, submit all the necessary documents.
After application review, candidates may have a phone interview with ITTP director after which applicants will receive notification of final results.
Make sure to apply before the KAIST ITTP Scholarship deadline.
KAIST Global IT Technology Program Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the KAIST Technology Program is
23 December 2024.