Title: KAUST International Internship 2025 in Saudi Arabia | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Saudi Arabia

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
everyone can apply from any region

Eligibility Criteria :
Do you want to do international internship in Saudi Arabia? Please check out the criteria and requirements of the KAUST internship 2025 for international students.
Eligibility Criteria for the KAUST VSRP Internship 2025:
Students who are currently in their third year or bachelor’s degree or those who are enrolled in a master’s degree can apply for the KAUST international internship 2025.
International students from all countries are welcome to apply for the KAUST Visiting Student Research Program 2025.
Applicants must have obtained at least a 3.5 GPA out of 4.0, some research projects require GPA above 3.60.
Applicants must be proficient in English.
They must be able to submit all the documents required by KAUST.
Applicants must meet all requirements to be eligible for the KAUST internship in Saudi Arabia

Benefits :
Eligible and starting your application? Hold on! You must check what benefits and financial coverage this fully funded internship in Saudi Arabia offers for international interns. Opportunities Circle has provided a list of benefits these KAUST internships 2025 offer.
Benefits of KAUST Internship 2025 for International Students:
A monthly stipend (salary) of $1000 for international interns.
A bedroom with a private bathroom will be provided.
The KAUST VSRP 2025 Internship includes an overage of visa costs.
Provision of roundtrip airfare.
Health insurance.
Participation in social and cultural activities.
Access to community resources.
The KAUST International Internship is an opportunity to gain practical experience.
Exposure to the international professional working environment.

Required Documents for KAUST Internship 2025 in Saudi Arabia:
Official Transcripts in English from Current & private institutions
Letter of Recommendation
Personal Statement
Valid Passport
CV

Application Process:
Students can apply throughout the year for this fully funded Saudi Arabia internship 2025.
How to Apply for the KAUST International Internship 2025 in Saudi Arabia?
Follow the link below to apply for the
fully funded KAUST Internship Program
.
Applicants must select a project to which they want to apply.
After selecting the project, click on that project and start the application process.
Always check the project availability before starting the application.
Applicants should complete all the required information on the application form.
Complete your information carefully and submit the application for the KAUST VSRP internship 2025.
Make sure to submit your application as early as possible before the deadline.
After your application is approved, a faculty member will contact you for an interview and further processing.
KAUST International Internship Deadline:
There isn’t any specific deadline for the VSRP KAUST Internship 2025. Applications for the KAUST Engineering Internship Saudi Arabia are open throughout the year.