Title: King AbdulAziz University Scholarship 2025 in Saudi Arabia | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Saudi Arabia

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Deadline:
October 31, 2025

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you also looking for scholarships to study in Saudi Arabia for free? If yes, you must apply for this fully funded postgraduate scholarship in Saudi Arabia. However, before starting the application, check the criteria and requirements of the Deanship of King Abdulaziz University Scholarship 2025, as postgraduate scholarship programs are highly competitive. Details are provided in this section.
King Abdulaziz University Scholarship Eligibility Criteria:
Applicants must have a university degree from an accredited college/university.
Applicants should have an excellent academic record to achieve this Saudi Arabia Scholarship.
Applicants must be international students to be eligible for the KAU Postgraduate program.
Applicants for the master’s programs must be under 35, and for Ph.D. programs must be under 40 years.
Applicants must have good conduct, and they must be medically fit.
Moreover, they must meet the admission criteria of the King Abdulaziz University.
Applicants must meet the requirements of the program they’re applying for.
Applicants must not have been dismissed from any other university in the kingdom.
Applicants must be proficient in English.

Benefits :
King Abdulaziz University Scholarship 2025 for international students is a fantastic opportunity to study in Saudi Arabia for free. However, before proceeding with the application of the Saudi Arabia Scholarships 2025, you must check the financial support and benefits below.
Benefits of the Saudi Scholarship by King Abdulaziz University:
The King Abdulaziz scholarship in Saudi Arabia provides a preparation allowance for new international students.
Two-way airfare tickets for international students, annually.
The fully funded Saudi scholarship also provides a thesis printing allowance for scholars.
The King Abdulaziz University Scholarships will also cover book shipping allowance.
Students will also get subsidized meals.
The KAU postgraduate scholarship will also provide accommodation in dorms.
Free health care for all successful students.
Students will receive a monthly bursary.
Scholars will get free access to the central Library and facilities.
This program will also provide an opportunity to upgrade the Saudi Arabia scholarship for some students who have obtained a master’s degree to a doctorate.
The fully funded scholarship in Saudia is a life-changing opportunity for international students because the university offers outstanding facilities and care for international students.
International students from all over the world will gather in one place and experience the university’s diverse culture; they will learn and grow in their respective fields from professionals.

King Abdulaziz University Scholarship Requirements:
Documents required for the fully funded King Abdulaziz University Scholarship 2025 are:
A CV
Copy of transcripts
Copy of valid passport
Statement of Purpose (English)
Two recommendation letters (academic)
Graduate certificate certified from the Saudi embassy (copy)
English language proficiency (IELTS: 5, TOEFL IBT: 61, TOEFL CBT: 173, TOEFL PBT: 500)

Application Process:
The application process to apply for the King Abdulaziz University postgraduate scholarship is online.
Click the Apply Now button below for the King Abdulaziz University Scholarship 2025 online application.
Applicants must create an account on the application portal or, if you already have one, log in to your account.
Then, start the application and provide the correct information.
Upload all the required documents.
The scholarship is open right now, so make sure to apply before the King Abdulaziz University scholarship deadline.
King Abdulaziz University Scholarship 2025 Deadline:
The last date to apply for the Deanship of Graduate Studies at the King Abdulaziz University is
31 October 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
The application process to apply for the King Abdulaziz University postgraduate scholarship is online.
Click the Apply Now button below for the King Abdulaziz University Scholarship 2025 online application.
Applicants must create an account on the application portal or, if you already have one, log in to your account.
Then, start the application and provide the correct information.
Upload all the required documents.
The scholarship is open right now, so make sure to apply before the King Abdulaziz University scholarship deadline.
King Abdulaziz University Scholarship 2025 Deadline:
The last date to apply for the Deanship of Graduate Studies at the King Abdulaziz University is
31 October 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services