Title: KPMG Global Internship Program 2025 | GIP 2025 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Different Countries

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
China, Canada, Germany, India, Italy, Ireland, Japan, Luxembourg, Norway, Sweden, South Africa, Singapore, USA, and Vietnam.

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
If you want to be a KMPG intern in 2025, then make sure to apply as soon as possible for the GIP Internship. Before you do, you also went through the eligibility criteria and requirements of this fully funded internship below.
Eligibility Criteria KPMG Global Internship Program 2025:
Applicants must be from one of the eligible countries for the KPMG Internship Program.
Applicants should have prior work experience.
Applicants must be enthusiastic about the internship program.
Applicants must be able to thrive against adverse challenges.
Undergraduate and recent graduate students can apply for this international internship.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If yes, you won’t want to miss this opportunity to work at KPMG. So, make sure to read about the various benefits of this fully funded internship program in 2025.
Benefits of KPMG GIP 2025:
KPMG Internship has no application fee.
Interns will get a placement allowance.
KPMG will cover travel expenses such as visas.
They will also provide expenses for lodging.
The GIP internship program will also provide airfare tickets to the interns.
KPMG’s Mobility team will help students get the most out of their international experiences.
An opportunity to gain professional experience while working with well-known professionals.
A chance to work with an international organization.

KPMG Global Internship Program 2025 Requirements:
Passport
Photograph
Curriculum Vitae (CV).
Recommendation Letters.
Motivational Essay

Application Process:
Click on the Apply Now button to get more details about the Global Intern Program.
Applicants must be from one of the eligible countries.
The application process for GIP 2025 is different for each eligible country.
All you have to do is select your country, and you will be redirected to the application process for that specific country.
Make sure to apply as soon as possible with all the supporting documents, if required.
KMPG GIP 2025 Deadline:
There is no last date to apply for the KPMG Global Internship Program 2025. Applications are open, so make sure to apply now.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Click on the Apply Now button to get more details about the Global Intern Program.
Applicants must be from one of the eligible countries.
The application process for GIP 2025 is different for each eligible country.
All you have to do is select your country, and you will be redirected to the application process for that specific country.
Make sure to apply as soon as possible with all the supporting documents, if required.
KMPG GIP 2025 Deadline:
There is no last date to apply for the KPMG Global Internship Program 2025. Applications are open, so make sure to apply now.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.