Title: Malaysian Technical Cooperation Program MTCP Scholarship 2025 | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Malaysia

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Deadline:
June 13, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you interested in completing a master’s degree in Malaysia? Then, the Malaysian Technical Cooperation Program MTCP Scholarship 2025 is a perfect opportunity for you. Before applying, check the MTCP Scholarship Program eligibility criteria in Malaysia 2025-26.
Eligibility Criteria for the MTCP Scholarship Program in Malaysia 2025:
Applicants must be from a developing country recognized by the Malaysian government to be eligible.
They must not be more than 45 years old at the start of the program.
Applicants must possess excellent academic credentials and meet the chosen course or program requirements.
Furthermore, applicants should have an undergraduate Second Class Upper (Honours) or CGPA 3.50 at bachelor’s level.
Moreover, they must provide proof of English proficiency, i.e. IELTS (score of 6.0 and above) or TOEFL iBT (total score of 60 and above). If not these, then the applicant must have completed
a previous degree with English used as the main medium of instruction.
Applicants must be healthy and passionate about learning and contributing to their home country.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria for the Malaysian Government MTCP Scholarship Program in Malaysia? If yes, check the financial coverage and benefits the Malaysian Government provides to the Malaysian Government scholarship recipients.
Benefits of the Malaysian Technical Cooperation Program 2025:
Scholarship recipients will get full tuition fee coverage to complete their master’s degree.
Students will receive a monthly allowance of RM3,500 to cover all the expenses of the scholars during their stay.
MTCP Scholarship is an excellent opportunity for international students from developing countries to pursue postgraduate studies in Malaysia, free of cost.
It is one of the best Malaysian Government Scholarships where MTCP scholars will gain the knowledge and skills necessary for the development of their own country.

Documents Required for Malaysian Government MTCP Scholarship:
Application form (Fill online)
Latest Admission Offer Letter from Malaysian Universities for academic intake 2025 (if applicable)
Letter of Recommendation from two referees
Endorsement form
A certified copy of the Academic Transcript
Record of all the courses taken throughout the degree program must be demonstrated in the transcripts
Applicants must submit transcripts of undergraduate studies
Applicants must submit an official document issued by the applicant’s alma mater describing the university’s grade system.
The documents must be certified if an applicant’s transcript does not include CGPA, marks, or percentile score information.
Curriculum Vitae
A certified copy of the English Language Proficiency test result (TOEFL/ IELTS) or an official letter from the previous institution declaring English as the medium of instruction used for the obtained degree
Copy of Passport
Medical examination form

Application Process:
Are you thinking about how to apply for the Malaysian Technical Cooperation Program MTCP Scholarship. The application process for the MTCP scholarship in Malaysia 2025 is online. Click the ‘apply now’ button below or visit the official application portal.
Applicants are required to register on the Malaysian Government application portal.
Applicants must fill out the form carefully and submit it with all the required documents as mentioned above.
All application forms must be properly filled out and endorsed by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs or the National Focal Point in the applicant’s country (the relevant ministry or agency coordinating international technical assistance).
Make sure to apply before the MTCP Scholarship deadline.
Application Deadline for Malaysian Technical Cooperation Program:
The deadline to apply for the Malaysian Technical Cooperation Program MTCP Scholarship 2025 is
13 June 2025.

Application Process:
Are you thinking about how to apply for the Malaysian Technical Cooperation Program MTCP Scholarship. The application process for the MTCP scholarship in Malaysia 2025 is online. Click the ‘apply now’ button below or visit the official application portal.
Applicants are required to register on the Malaysian Government application portal.
Applicants must fill out the form carefully and submit it with all the required documents as mentioned above.
All application forms must be properly filled out and endorsed by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs or the National Focal Point in the applicant’s country (the relevant ministry or agency coordinating international technical assistance).
Make sure to apply before the MTCP Scholarship deadline.
Application Deadline for Malaysian Technical Cooperation Program:
The deadline to apply for the Malaysian Technical Cooperation Program MTCP Scholarship 2025 is
13 June 2025.