Title: Max Planck Institute Law Internship 2025-26 in Germany - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Germany

Financial coverage:
Paid

Deadline:
June 1, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Do these internships in Germany for international students sound interesting to you? If it does, make sure you go through the Max Planck Institute Law Internship 2025 eligibility criteria that Opportunities Circle has compiled for you below.
Eligibility Criteria of the Max Planck Law Internship 2025-26:
Applicants must be enrolled in undergraduate or graduate university courses during their internship period, preferably in law or related disciplines (e.g., European affairs, international relations, philosophy, social and political sciences).
PhD applicants are not eligible for the MPIL internship program 2025-26.
Applicants must be one of the high achievers of their degree program.
Applicants must exhibit good research and drafting skills to be eligible for this law internship in Europe.
Applicants must be proficient in written and verbal English skills, and knowledge of other EU languages, specifically German, will be an edge.
Applicants must be computer literate for these Germany Internships.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria for the research internship in Germany mentioned above? If yes, keep reading about the benefits of the Max Planck Internship Germany 2025 and become a law intern in 2025-26.
Benefits of the Max Planck Institute Law Internship 2025-26 in Germany:
Interns will get reimbursement up to 450 Euros per month through this Germany Internship Program.
Max Planck Institute of Law Internship 2025-26 is an opportunity for international students to conduct research activities about public law, international law, and EU laws.
The paid internships in Germany are a chance to assist and contribute to the institution’s meetings.
The MPIL internship in Germany is a chance to write legal summaries concerning different cases and texts.
The Max Planck Law Internship 2025 in Germany for international students will help you participate in international workshops and conferences.
The interns will also get a chance to contribute to different ongoing research projects of the institute.
The paid internship for international students also offers a stimulating and global working environment, which helps them to improve their professional skills.
The Germany internships also provides networking capacities for future career paths.

Documents
Required for Max Planck Institute Internship 2025-26:
CV
Cover letter highlighting your motivation for applying.
Copy of your academic transcripts
Copy of your high school diploma.

Application Process:
Applicants can start the application process quickly by clicking the
Apply Now
button.
Applicants must submit their application using the online application system on the official website.
Applicants must fill up all the required fields of the Max Planck Institute Internship application.
Applicants must provide all the supporting documents because incomplete applications will not be considered.
Make sure to submit your application before the Max Planck Institute Law Internship 2025 Deadline.
Max Planck Internship Deadline:
The Max Planck Internship 2025-26 deadline for the term November 2025 to April 2026 is
1st June 2025
.