Title: Meta Social Media Management Course 2025 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Do you want to become a social media manager? If yes, you must apply for the Meta Social Media Marketing Course. However, before applying, go through the eligibility criteria below to ensure you meet all requirements of this free online course 2025.
Eligibility Criteria for Meta Social Media Management Course 2025:
The Social Media Management Course with certificate is open to everyone from around the world.
It is a beginner-level course and does not require any previous qualifications or experience.
Moreover, this digital marketing course is part of the Meta Social Media Marketing Professional Certificate and applicants will have to take the course in order.
All applicants should be passionate about social media, content marketing and management.
Similarly, candidates will have to spend around 17 hours to complete the Meta course.
It is specifically for people who want to learn, create and manage a business presence on social media.
Previous marketing experience is not essential. However, learners should have access to the internet and ideally have their own social media accounts (Facebook or Instagram).

Benefits :
If you want to learn social media management and you meet the criteria above, you would not want to miss this Social Media Management Course for beginners. Keep on reading to know more about the benefits of applying for the free Meta Course.
Benefits of Meta Social Media Management Course:
The online course is a fantastic opportunity to pursue Courses by Meta.
There are no prerequisites of applying for the Social Media Marketing course. People with all backgrounds and fields can apply and learn.
Moreover, applicants can learn skills such as social media marketing, content management, content marketing, branding and content development.
They will learn how to establish and manage social media presence.
It is a self-paced course, hence applicants can complete the course at their own pace.
In addition, the free online course is available in English and 22 other languages.

How to Apply for Financial Aid for Social Media Management Course?
All applicants must complete the financial aid form to access the Meta Course for free and earn a certificate.
Select the Meta Social Media Management Course when applying for financial aid.
Click “Next” and continue filling out the details.
Ensure your application contains at least 150 words.
It will take approximately 16 days to review your application.
Click
here
for more information about financial aid on Coursera.

Application Process:
Want to know how to become a social media manager? Apply for the Meta Social Media Management Course by following the steps below.
All applicants must create an account on Coursera to register for this online course. Click on the ‘apply now’ button to go to the application portal.
Check the starting date of the course and click the financial aid option if you require financial assistance.
Before applying, ensure you meet all the requirements of the Social Media course.
There is no deadline to apply.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Want to know how to become a social media manager? Apply for the Meta Social Media Management Course by following the steps below.
All applicants must create an account on Coursera to register for this online course. Click on the ‘apply now’ button to go to the application portal.
Check the starting date of the course and click the financial aid option if you require financial assistance.
Before applying, ensure you meet all the requirements of the Social Media course.
There is no deadline to apply.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.