Title: MEXT Teachers Training Student Scholarship 2025 in Japan - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Japan

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
You can apply for the MEXT Teachers scholarship if your country have good diplomatic relations with Japan (having a consulate or Embassy in their country), including Pakistan, Bangladesh, India, Ghana, Algeria, and many more; please check out the list to get more details about the countries.

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Do you want to apply for the MEXT Japanese government scholarship 2025 for teachers? Please check out the MEXT Teacher Training Students Scholarship Japan requirements before starting the application process. Opportunities Circle has listed the criteria below:
Eligibility Criteria of the MEXT Teachers Training Student Scholarship in Japan 2025:
Applicants must belong to a country that is in diplomatic relations with Japan. Check the list of
eligible countries here
.
Applicants must have graduated from any recognized university or teacher training institute in Pakistan.
Applicants must have teaching experience of 5 years in primary and secondary schools or institutions of their country till October 1, 2025. University teachers and working members of university faculty are not eligible to apply for the MEXT 2025 Japan Teachers Training Program.
Students must be physically and mentally healthy. They must be capable of spending 18 months in an international environment.
Moreover, they must be born after April 2, 1990.
The application form submitted should be according to the guides mentioned on the official website of the Japanese Embassy in your country.
Applicants must be willing to learn Japanese, be interested in Japan, and deepen their knowledge and understanding of Japan after arriving in Japan. Applicants must also have the ability and interest to research and adapt to living in Japan.
Accepted applicants will have to arrive in Japan at least two weeks before the start of the training program.

Benefits :
The fully funded MEXT scholarship for international students is full of benefits. This Japanese scholarship for Teachers will allow you to study at one of the best institutes without any financial burden. The benefits of this fully funded MEXT scholarship program are listed below.
Benefits of the MEXT Teachers Training Scholarship Japan 2025:
The MEXT Teachers Training Student Scholarship will provide an airfare allowance.
Monthly stipend of 143,000 for the duration of the fully funded training program.
Furthermore, a supplemental regional allowance of 2,000 or 3,000 yen/month will be given to grantees studying or conducting research in specially designated areas/regions.
Transportation allowance to travel in Japan.
MEXT Scholarship 2025 is an excellent opportunity to learn from one of the top universities in Japan.
Explore the culture and learn the Japanese language through this fantastic, fully funded MEXT scholarship for teachers.
MEXT Teachers Training Student Scholarship 2025 is a life-changing opportunity for international teachers.

Required documents for MEXT Teachers Training Program 2025:
The following documents are required with the MEXT Teacher Training Scholarship 2025 application form:
Application Form
Placement Preference Application Form
Certified transcript for each academic year from the last attended institute/university
The diploma from the last university/teacher training school attended
Certificate of employment
Recommendation letter from the immediate supervisor at work
Medical certificate
Certificate of Japanese language ability
Other relevant documents

Application Process:
Applicants must follow the following instructions to get information for the MEXT Teachers Training Scholarship application process.
Click on the ‘Apply Now’ option/button provided at the end of this section.
MEXT Teacher Training Scholarship 2025 Application Process:
Students must apply through the Japanese Embassy or consulate in their home countries. You can find your Embassy or consulate
Here
.
Find and visit the official website of your country’s Japanese Embassy. There, you will find the MEXT teachers’ training scholarship application form; download it and fill it out.
Submit your documents to your country’s Japanese diplomatic mission (Japanese Embassy) before the MEXT Teachers Training Student Scholarship deadline.
Applicants must not submit any application directly to MEXT Japan.
MEXT Teachers Training Scholarship 2025 Deadline:
The MEXT training scholarship for teachers 2025 deadline for every country is different.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Applicants must follow the following instructions to get information for the MEXT Teachers Training Scholarship application process.
Click on the ‘Apply Now’ option/button provided at the end of this section.
MEXT Teacher Training Scholarship 2025 Application Process:
Students must apply through the Japanese Embassy or consulate in their home countries. You can find your Embassy or consulate
Here
.
Find and visit the official website of your country’s Japanese Embassy. There, you will find the MEXT teachers’ training scholarship application form; download it and fill it out.
Submit your documents to your country’s Japanese diplomatic mission (Japanese Embassy) before the MEXT Teachers Training Student Scholarship deadline.
Applicants must not submit any application directly to MEXT Japan.
MEXT Teachers Training Scholarship 2025 Deadline:
The MEXT training scholarship for teachers 2025 deadline for every country is different.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.