Title: MEXT Undergraduate Scholarship 2026 in Japan | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Japan

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you interested in pursuing your undergraduate degree in Japan? If yes, check the Government of Japan MEXT Undergraduate Scholarship 2026 eligibility criteria.
Eligibility Criteria of the Japanese Government MEXT Undergraduate Scholarship 2026 in Japan:
Applicants must be nationals of countries with good diplomatic relations with Japan.
International students must be born after 2 April 2001.
Applicants must have completed twelve years of education and have a high school diploma (intermediate) equivalent to a Japanese one.
Applicants don’t need Japanese language proficiency because they will receive Japanese Language courses if selected for the MEXT scholarship for undergraduate studies. They must be willing to learn Japanese.
They must be in good health (mentally and physically) to pursue their studies in Japan.
Furthermore, they must have excellent academic records.
Applicants must also be active in social work and extracurricular activities.
Applicants must be able to arrive in Japan between 01 April, 2026, and 07 April, 2026.
All applicants must be able to obtain a Student Visa for Japan.

Benefits :
Eligible to apply for the MEXT scholarship? Now, check the benefits the Ministry of Japan provides to pursue undergraduate studies in Japan.
Benefits of the MEXT Undergraduate Scholarship in Japan 2026:
The scholarship will cover all the tuition fees for the selected undergraduate program.
International students will get a monthly stipend to cover their monthly expenses in Japan.
MEXT will also provide an airfare ticket to and from Japan at the beginning and end of the scholarship duration.
Students will be eligible for university-provided scholarships, but it varies with the universities.
Mext Scholarship recipients undergo a one-year preparatory education course to enhance their Japanese language skills and academic knowledge.
It is a once-in-a-lifetime chance to study in Japan without worrying about the finances to study abroad.
The MEXT Scholarship 2026 is a free opportunity to explore Japan and its culture.

MEXT Undergraduate Scholarship Requirements:
The following are the required documents for the Japanese Government Scholarship 2026:
Application Form
Direct Placement Preference Form
Mark Sheet Form
Academic transcripts
Certificate(s) of graduation from school/college/university
SSC and HSSC certificates
Recommendation letter
Medical certificate
A certificate of enrollment (from the current institute) attested copy (if applicable)
Language Certificate (if applicable)
Hope certificate (required if the result is expected by August 2025)
Note:
The embassy will not return the submitted documents.
Assemble the printed application on A4 size paper with a paper clip.
If students submit any extra documents, they will be rejected.

Application Process:
The application process for the Japan Government MEXT undergraduate scholarship is online.
Application Process for the MEXT Undergraduate Scholarship 2026 in Japan:
Contact the Japanese Embassy in your country of residence to get detailed information regarding the application process.
Applicants must complete the application form with the correct information for the MEXT Scholarship 2026 Embassy Recommendation.
The MEXT scholarship 2025 Undergraduate application form must include all essential documents and copies.
Applicants must print the application form on A4 paper.
The Japanese Embassy will only contact shortlisted students.
Shortlisted candidates will be recommended to universities in Japan for further evaluation. The universities will then conduct their selection process and issue a Letter of Acceptance.
You must complete all application procedures and requirements before the given deadline.
The deadline for the MEXT undergraduate scholarship in Japan is 31 May 2024 for Pakistani students.
Contact the Japanese Embassy or consulate in your country to apply.
You can check the official website of the
Japanese embassy or consulates
in your home country for the MEXT scholarship deadline.
Remember, applicants will not receive submitted documents back.
Application Process for the MEXT Undergraduate Scholarship for Pakistani Students:
Test & Interview in Islamabad (if shortlisted)
If students want to appear in the test and interview in Islamabad, they must send the application in an envelope to the following address:
Write this outside the envelope of the application:
MEXT UG Scholarship Application
Public Affairs Section
Embassy of Japan
53-70, Ramna 5/4
Diplomatic Enclave 1
Islamabad 44000
Test & Interview in Karachi (if shortlisted)
Please write this outside the envelope carrying your application:
MEXT UG Scholarship Application
Japan Cultural Centre
Consulate General of Japan
6/2 Civil Lines
Abdullah Haroon Road
Karachi, Pakistan
This is acceptable for students applying from Pakistan. Students applying from other countries must check the details from the website of Japan embassy in their country. They can check the details of their
embassy through this link
.
MEXT Undergraduate Scholarship Deadline:
There isn’t any specified deadline for the MEXT Undergraduate Scholarship 2026. Each embassy has its own deadline, so applicants must check the deadline before starting the MEXT Scholarship application. The MEXT undergraduate scholarship 2026 deadline for Pakistani Students is 31 May 2025.