Title: MIT Entrepreneurship Course 2025 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Want to learn entrepreneurship and start your business? If yes, you must apply for the Becoming an Entrepreneur Free Course. Before you apply, go through the eligibility criteria below to ensure you are eligible to apply.
Eligibility Criteria for MIT Entrepreneurship Course 2025:
The course is open to everyone from around the world.
It is an introductory level course and does not have any previous experience requirements.
There are no age requirements for this business and management course.
Applicants should spend 1-3 hours per week to complete the course in six weeks.
Similarly, learners must have access to the internet and a device to enroll for the course.
No previous business or entrepreneurship experience is needed.
Applicants can audit the course for free. However, they will need to pay a certain amount to receive the certificate.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If you do, you would not want to miss this MIT online course. Keep on reading to know more about the advantages of this Entrepreneurship Course. Opportunities Circle has listed the benefits below.
Benefits of MIT Entrepreneurship Course:
It is a self-paced course and learners can learn at their own pace.
The free Entrepreneurship course is for people of all ages and backgrounds.
Moreover, applicants will learn skills such as design thinking, entrepreneurship, market research, lean mythologies and more.
They will also learn how to become an entrepreneur and start their own business.
It is one of the best entrepreneurship courses where applicants will learn from experts at MIT.

Application Process:
If you want to know how to start your own business, you must apply for this MIT Entrepreneurship Course by clicking the ‘apply now’ button below.
However, before you apply, ensure you meet all the requirements and criteria of this free online course.
Create your account on edX and register your profile before you apply.
If you wish to apply for free, enroll through the audit track.
There is no deadline to apply for the MIT Entrepreneurship Course. However, make sure to check the course end date.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
If you want to know how to start your own business, you must apply for this MIT Entrepreneurship Course by clicking the ‘apply now’ button below.
However, before you apply, ensure you meet all the requirements and criteria of this free online course.
Create your account on edX and register your profile before you apply.
If you wish to apply for free, enroll through the audit track.
There is no deadline to apply for the MIT Entrepreneurship Course. However, make sure to check the course end date.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services