Title: MOFA Taiwan Fellowship 2026 | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Taiwan

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Deadline:
June 30, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you interested in the MOFA Taiwan fellowship? If yes, you must apply before time runs out. However, before you apply, go through the eligibility criteria below.
Eligibility Criteria for MOFA Taiwan Fellowship 2026:
International professors, associate professors, assistant professors, post-doctoral researchers, doctoral candidates or doctoral program students at relevant departments of overseas universities, or research fellows at an equivalent level in academic institutions abroad are eligible to apply for the MOFA Fellowship.
Candidates recommended by ROC (Taiwan) overseas missions with a focus on Taiwan’s foreign relations or cross-strait relations can apply for the program.
Moreover, applicants must be available for three to twelve months for this program.
Individuals currently conducting research, teaching, or studying in Taiwan are not eligible for the MOFA Fellowship in Taiwan.
MOFA fellows cannot receive other scholarships from Taiwanese government agencies or academic institutions during the Taiwan Fellowship program. Part-time work is not allowed without MOFA’s consent.
Any expenses beyond the Fellowship amount will be covered by the recipients.

Benefits :
Do you want to become a MOFA Fellow? If you do, you must read the advantages of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Fellowship in Taiwan. Opportunities Circle has compiled a list of benefits below.
Benefits of MOFA Fellowship in Taiwan:
Fellows receive a monthly stipend. Payment will be made at the beginning of each month.
Professors, associate professors, research fellows and associate research fellows receive NT$60,000.
Assistant professors, assistant research fellows or doctoral fellows receive NT$50,000.
Ina addition, all fellows will receive one round-trip airfare travel (economy class).
Furthermore, fellows receive accident insurance. This includes medical insurance for accidental injuries.
The accident insurance is of up to NT$1 million.

MOFA Taiwan Fellowship Requirements:
Application form
Research proposal
Resume (including a list of publications)
2 Letters of Recommendation (Or one recommendation letter and one letter of consent from chief administrator of your institute)

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for the MOFA Research Fellowship?
The application process is online. Applicants must first complete an online application form. Fill out the online form carefully.
However, before doing so, ensure you meet all the requirements of the MOFA Scholarship.
Applicants should then submit the required documents along with their application form to the R.O.C Embassy or Representative Office by post.
The ROC Embassy or Representative Office will receive the application, verify the  information and assess the applicant’s academic influence or potential.
The selection committee will choose candidates based on feedback from the R.O.C (Taiwan) Embassy or Representative Office.
Similarly, successful candidates will receive notification through email.
Fellows must then contact universities or research institutions in Taiwan and secure a letter of consent for their research.
After receiving the letter of consent, candidates will receive a “Grant Authorization Letter” from the Taiwan Fellowship team, officially recognizing them as recipients.
Make sure to apply before the deadline.
MOFA Taiwan Fellowship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the MOFA Taiwan Fellowship 2026 is
30 June 2025
.