Title: Nature Community Summer Workcamp in Germany - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Germany

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
European countries

Deadline:
June 11, 2022

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Here are the eligibility criteria to apply for the workcamp:
Participants can be between the ages of 18 to 30.
Must be from any of the eligible countries of Europe.
No prior work experience is required.
The participant should be motivated to be a part of this workshop.
Moreover, there is no restriction on educational level.
Participants can be from any field of education.
Must be open to environment-friendly activities.

Benefits :
The Summer Work camp has the following benefits for its participants:
The host will provide accommodation; participants will share a room with one or two other mates.
In addition, meals will be provided three days a day.
Participants will also have fruits, tea, water and coffee throughout the day.
Participants can use the living room, spa area, or other playing room.
Laundry facility for participants.
Internet facility.
Shuttle service will be provided if needed.

Application Process:
The application process is online.
To check whether you can apply for this program, you must first sign in or join the Corps.
If you are eligible for the program, visit the online portal to provide all your relevant details.
Make sure your information is correct.
Check your application before submitting it. False information may result in cancellation.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
The application process is online.
To check whether you can apply for this program, you must first sign in or join the Corps.
If you are eligible for the program, visit the online portal to provide all your relevant details.
Make sure your information is correct.
Check your application before submitting it. False information may result in cancellation.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.