Title: NL Scholarship 2025-2026 | Holland Scholarship | Study in Netherlands - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Netherlands

Financial coverage:
Partially Funded

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you interested in applying for the scholarship in Holland? Before you apply, make sure to go through the eligibility criteria and apply before the deadline for the Netherlands NL Scholarship 2025-2026.
Eligibility Criteria for the NL Scholarship 2025-2026:
The Holland scholarship is open to international students from around the world.
Applicants must possess a nationality from a country outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Prospective candidates must apply for a full-time bachelor’s or master’s program at one of the participating Dutch higher education institutions.
In addition, each participating institution may have specific eligibility requirements that applicants must meet in order to be eligible for the Holland Scholarship 2025.
Similarly, applicants must fulfill the particular requirements set by their chosen institution.
To be eligible for this European scholarship, applicants should not hold a degree from any educational institution in the Netherlands.
By meeting these eligibility criteria, applicants can ensure that they fulfill the necessary conditions for consideration and increase their chances of receiving the NL Scholarship to pursue their studies in the Netherlands.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If yes, make sure to read the various benefits of the Dutch Ministry of Education, Culture, and Science Scholarship in the Netherlands 2025 and get the chance to study in Europe.
Benefits of the Holland Scholarship 2025-2026:
The main benefit of this scholarship in Europe is financial assistance. The scholarship provides assistance of €5,000 to successful applicants.
By receiving the Holland Scholarship, students gain access to renowned Dutch higher education institutions, known for their high academic standards and diverse range of programs.
Studying in the Netherlands provides an opportunity for cultural exposure and involvement for international students.
Moreover, a degree from a Dutch higher education institution, together with the experience gained through the NL Scholarship 2025, can enhance students’ career prospects.
The NL Scholarships provide a unique opportunity to pursue higher education in the Netherlands, Europe.

Application Process:
Want to know how to apply for the NL Scholarship 2025-2026? You must first apply at any one of the participating universities. Choose a bachelor’s or master’s program at a Dutch higher education institution participating in the Netherlands NL Scholarship 2025/26.
The list of participating universities is given above. Check the official page of the university you are interested in to start your NL scholarship application.
Similarly, ensure you meet the NL Scholarship requirements and the criteria set by the participating university.
Do not forget to check the official website of the participating institution for more information.
NL Scholarship 2025 Deadline:
The deadline for the NL Scholarship in Holland varies depending upon the participating host institution.
Visit the official website of the participating institution for information on deadlines.