Title: Nova Media Fellowship Program 2025 | Paid Fellowship - Opportunities Circle

Country:
USA/Online

Financial coverage:
Paid

Deadline:
May 19, 2025

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Want to apply for the Nova Media Fellowship 2025-26? Before applying, make sure to go through the eligibility criteria and requirements for these journalism fellowships 2025. The criteria and requirements are compiled below.
Eligibility Criteria for Nova Media Fellowship Program 2025:
Ideal candidates are full-time journalists with established track records of publication or broadcast in local, regional, or national markets with relevant full-time experience.
Proposals may include international issues and involve international travel. However, applications for the 2025 cycle are restricted to US-based journalists.
Applicants do not have to be U.S. citizens or publish only in U.S. news outlets.
Moreover, the Nova Institute actively encourages applications from individuals belonging to communities of colour, women or other historically marginalized communities.
The fellowship is of 12 months and Media Fellows must commit to the entire duration of the Nova Media Fellowship.
Similarly, there will be Bi-monthly check-ins with Media Fellows and attendance at annual meetings is a must, including one scheduled for 12 to 15 October 2025, in Baltimore, Maryland.
They should also participate in monthly online meetings, trainings and events.
Nova Media Fellows must propose deliverables or outcomes that reflect a year’s worth of full-time, ambitious work.
Projects solely involving research that do not include a plan for publication will not be supported.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria for the Nova Fellowship above? If you do, make sure to read the advantages of this fellowship for journalists in 2025 and thoroughly go through them below.
Benefits of the Nova Media Fellows Program:
Nova Media Fellows receive a substantial financial award of $60,000 over the course of 12 months.
There is also an additional provision of up to $7,500 to cover travel expenses, reimbursed according to Nova’s travel policies.
This financial support aims to cover various aspects including conference fees.
Moreover, costs related to attendance at Nova Institute-organized meetings, workshops, or events will be covered by the fellowship.
Media Fellows will have full editorial control over their projects.
The Nova Media Fellowship Program empowers journalists to explore and communicate issues related to health and well-being.
In addition, Media Fellows will actively participate in Nova’s community, including monthly online meetings, professional development and the annual conference, providing several opportunities.

Nova Media Fellowship Requirements:
Resume (not more than 5 pages)
Proposal including the following: (not more than 1500 words)
Project synopsis
Story treatment
Communications/outreach plan
Relevant experiences, aptitude and values
Outside commitments
Work Samples (3)
All applicants must submit PDFs only.
For more details, click
here.

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for the Nova Media Fellowship Program?
All applicants should click the ‘apply now’ button to apply or visit the official website.
Journalists who wish to apply should ensure they meet the eligibility criteria and requirements for this fellowship in USA.
Also, you must submit all the necessary documents mentioned above.
A selection panel, consisting of Nova Institute staff, Scholars and Fellows, members of the Media Advisory Council, and other media experts, will conduct virtual interviews with each finalist.
Similarly, finalists chosen for interviews will have to submit one to two concise (maximum one page) professional letters of recommendation.
Fellowships start in September 2025, ideally starting by 2 September, with flexibility in the start date.
Make sure to apply before the Nova Media Fellowship deadline.
Application Deadline for Nova Media Fellowship Program 2025:
The deadline to apply for the Nova Media Fellowship 2025 is
19 May 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for the Nova Media Fellowship Program?
All applicants should click the ‘apply now’ button to apply or visit the official website.
Journalists who wish to apply should ensure they meet the eligibility criteria and requirements for this fellowship in USA.
Also, you must submit all the necessary documents mentioned above.
A selection panel, consisting of Nova Institute staff, Scholars and Fellows, members of the Media Advisory Council, and other media experts, will conduct virtual interviews with each finalist.
Similarly, finalists chosen for interviews will have to submit one to two concise (maximum one page) professional letters of recommendation.
Fellowships start in September 2025, ideally starting by 2 September, with flexibility in the start date.
Make sure to apply before the Nova Media Fellowship deadline.
Application Deadline for Nova Media Fellowship Program 2025:
The deadline to apply for the Nova Media Fellowship 2025 is
19 May 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services