Title: One Young World Summit Leading Scholarship 2025 in Germany | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Germany

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Deadline:
July 7, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
The One Young World Summit is a transformative opportunity for young leaders. Individuals who want to be a part of this annual summit in Germany must meet the eligibility criteria of the One Young World Leading Scholarship.
Eligibility Criteria of the One Young World Summit Leading Scholarship 2025 in Germany:
Applicants should be between 18 to 30 years old to be eligible for this OYW scholarship (there may be an exception for those who are over 30 and have significant personal impact and leadership experience)
They must have proven commitment to create positive change in their community.
Applicants should have strong leadership capacity and skills to inspire and influence others.
They must address important local or international issues in their initiatives, projects, or work.
Must have a proven record of creating impactful and innovative ideas.
Individuals under 18 years old at the time of the OYW Summit 2025 are not eligible.

Benefits :
Before starting your application, you must check what benefits are offered by the international scholarship. OYW Leading Scholarship is a fully funded scholarship for international students. we have mentioned the details below.
Benefits of One Young World Leading Scholarship 2025:
The selected participants will get full delegate access to the One Young World Summit 2025 in Munich, Germany.
Free hotel accommodation in Germany is available during the OYW Summit period (2 and 6 November 2025).
One Young World Scholarship 2025 participants will get the cost of travel from their home country to Munich and vice versa.
Participants will also get meals, including breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
The One Young World Summit Scholarship is an opportunity to get membership as a One Young World Ambassador.
Opportunity to connect with other fellow delegates.
The One Young World Leading Scholarship is a fully funded scholarship for international students to visit Europe for free.

Application Process:
The application process for the fully funded OYW scholarship is online.
How to apply for the One Young World Summit Leading Scholarship in Germany 2025?
Click the “Apply Now” button below to access the official website.
Visit the official website and get the One Young World Summit application form.
Carefully fill in all the required details in the application form.
Answer the questions carefully.
Attach any document if required.
Review your application and submit it before the OYW Scholarship deadline.
One Young World Summit Leading Scholarship Deadline:
The last date to apply for the One Young World Summit Leading Scholarship 2025 in Germany is
07 July 2025
.