Title: Free Online Leadership Development Program By Commonwealth100 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
Anyone can apply

Deadline:
December 31, 2020

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Here are eligibility criteria for the program
Commonwealth100 is open to youth, over the age of 18, from across the Commonwealth.
It may be at the beginning of your career or in Higher or Higher Education.

Benefits :
This is your opportunity to gain practical skills for the future, reflect on your own leadership style, and move forward with a new perspective on how to make the most positive impact. The program has built-in reflection exercises where you can share and learn from the thoughts and experiences of senior and youth leaders.
You will participate in interactive exercises and peer discussions across the Commonwealth. And you’ll read compelling articles, exploring the skills you need to succeed in the 21st century.
All participants who complete the program will receive the Open Source Leadership Badge, which can be used as a record of their achievements on their CV or online profiles.

Application Process:
You have to fill the online form to complete your registration It is a program of  6 week-long cohort where
May 1 – June 19, 2020
July 3 – August 21, 2020
This will continue to operate in a similar pattern until 2020.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
You have to fill the online form to complete your registration It is a program of  6 week-long cohort where
May 1 – June 19, 2020
July 3 – August 21, 2020
This will continue to operate in a similar pattern until 2020.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.