Title: Open Doors Russian Scholarship 2025 in Russia - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Russia

Financial coverage:
Partially Funded

Eligibility Criteria :
Ready to pursue your study in Russia for free? If yes, check your eligibility for the Open Doors Russian Scholarship below and prepare your documents.
Eligibility Criteria of the Open Doors Russian Scholarship 2025 in Russia:
Applicants from around the world can apply for the fully funded Open Doors scholarship.
Applicants must apply for any of the eligible degree level (Bachelor’s, Master’s, PhD or Postdoctoral degree program).
For a bachelor’s degree, applicants must have completed their high school education.
Applicants must have a bachelor’s or specialist’s degree for a master’s degree.
For doctoral degree programs, they must have a specialist’s or a master’s degree.
For a Postdoctoral degree, the participants must have their PhD or doctor of science degree no later than the registration date (September 16).
Applicants must have an excellent academic record to win this Open Door Scholarship Russia 2025.
They must submit all the required documents.
Applicants must know English or Russian language.
They must appear in the Open Doors scholarship 2025 exam.

Benefits :
Open Doors Russian Scholarship 2025 is full of benefits. Applicants must apply for the fully funded Russian scholarship to get these benefits. Opportunities Circle has listed the benefits of the Russia scholarship below:
Benefits of the Open Doors Scholarships 2025 in Russia:
Applicants will get a full tuition fee discount.
The Russian scholarship program will also provide monthly stipend. Amount depends on the university in which you are applying.
The Open Doors scholarship 2025 is available in all academic fields.
An opportunity to study free in Russia.
The Russia Open Door Scholarship is an international networking opportunity for all international students.
The fully funded scholarship in Russia gives a chance to study in the top universities of Russia for free.
There are no English or Russian language Proficiency Test Requirements for the Open Door Scholarship in Russia. However, if you provide this document, it will boost your profile.

Required Documents for the
Russian Government Scholarship 2025
:
The Open Doors Russian Government Scholarship 2025 requires the following documents with the application. Make sure to prepare all these documents before starting your application for the Open-door Russian scholarship 2025.
Motivational letter
Copy of Degree Certificates
Transcripts
Language Proficiency (English or Russian)

Application Process:
Want to know how to get fully funded scholarship in Russia? Read the process below to know more.
The fully funded Russian scholarship applicants can apply easily by clicking on the
Apply Now
button below.
Applicants must register on the Open Doors Scholarship 2025 official website.
After registration, activate your account and start filling in the required information.
After uploading the documents, participants can attempt the preliminary test.
After completing the 1st stage and clearing the exam, the participants will be able to start the 2nd stage.
All the selected applicants from the 1st stage will get emails containing information for the 2nd stage. Make sure to complete your information for 2nd stage before the deadline, which will be provided to you by email.
For Postdoctoral degree program, applicants will also required to clear the stage 3 which consists of online interviews.
Make sure to carefully check the Open Doors Russian Scholarship deadline.
Applications for the Open Doors scholarship for bachelor’s, master’s and PhD degree are open now, while the applications for postdoctoral track will open on 16 September 2024.
Application Deadline for Open Doors Scholarship 2025:
The last date to apply for the fully funded Russian Government Scholarship 2025 for bachelor’s, master’s, and PhD degrees is
20 November 2024.
The deadline for the Open Doors Russian Scholarship for Postdoctoral degree is
10 December 2024
(application opens on 16 September 2024).