Title: OYW AI for Good Scholarship 2025 in Germany | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Germany

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Deadline:
May 26, 2025

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
The One Young World Summit is a life-changing opportunity for young leaders. Leaders who want to be a part of this annual summit must meet the eligibility criteria of the One Young World AI Scholarship.
Eligibility Criteria of the OYW AI for Good Scholarship 2025:
Individuals from all over the world are eligible.
Applicants should be between 18
to
30 years old to be eligible
(there may be an exception for those who have significant personal impact and leadership experience)
Proven commitment to create positive change in their community.
Applicants should have a track record of creating impactful & innovative solutions.
They must understand important local or international issues.
Willing to engage with other scholars and the Brandtech Group employees who are attending the summit.
Scholars will make a positive impact through their work by promoting the responsible use of AI.

Benefits :
Before starting your application, you must check what benefits are offered by the international scholarship. OYW
Scholarship is a fully funded scholarship, and we have mentioned its benefits below.
Benefits of OYW AI for Good Scholarship 2025:
Full delegate access to the One Young World Summit 2025 in Munich, Germany
from
3-6 November 2025.
Free hotel accommodation during the OYW Summit period (2 and 6 November 2025).
Free air travel from their home country to Munich and vice versa.
Meals, including breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
They will also attend additional pre and post-programs offered by the Brandtech Group.
Fellows will also get ground transportation between Summit venues in Munich.
The One Young World Summit Scholarship is an opportunity to get access to
Pencil
AI.
Opportunity to connect with other fellow delegates.

Application Process:
Click the “Apply Now” button below to access the OYW official website.
Visit the official website and get the OYW scholarship application form.
Fill in all the required details in the application form.
Answer all the questions carefully.
Attach any additional document if required.
Review
your application form carefully and submit it before the OYW AI Scholarship deadline.
OYW AI for Good Scholarship Deadline:
The last date to apply for the One Young World AI for Good Scholarship 2025 in Germany is
26 May 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Click the “Apply Now” button below to access the OYW official website.
Visit the official website and get the OYW scholarship application form.
Fill in all the required details in the application form.
Answer all the questions carefully.
Attach any additional document if required.
Review
your application form carefully and submit it before the OYW AI Scholarship deadline.
OYW AI for Good Scholarship Deadline:
The last date to apply for the One Young World AI for Good Scholarship 2025 in Germany is
26 May 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.