Title: POSCO Asia Fellowship in South Korea 2026 | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
South Korea

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you interested in applying for the fully funded fellowship program in South Korea? If yes, check the POSCO Asia Fellowships Program eligibility criteria in South Korea 2025.
Eligibility Criteria for POSCO Asia Fellowship in South Korea 2025:
Applicants who have a bachelor’s degree can apply for this fellowship.
Applicants who show potential and leadership qualities are encouraged to apply.
Those who are willing to study at the Korean Graduate School in 2026.
Applicants must be intensely interested in STEM majors (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics).
Applicants must have Asian citizenship (students with non-Asian citizenship are ineligible).
Applicants must have an excellent academic record (minimum CGPA requirement is 2.7 out of 4.0).
Applicants must be proficient in English, as the courses will be in English (TOEFL (PBT=550, IBT=79), TOEIC (750), TEPS (327) and IELTS (6.0)).

Benefits :
Are you eligible for the POSCO fellowship in South Korea? If yes, then check the benefits of the POSCO Asia Fellowship Program in South Korea 2025.
Benefits of the POSCO Asia Fellowship Program in South Korea 2025:
The host organization will cover the tuition fee for four semesters of the master’s program.
Tuition fee coverage for six semesters of the PhD program.
Health insurance coverage.
In addition, POSCO scholarship recipients will also get a monthly stipend.
They will also get a settlement fee.
Fellows will also attend online classes for Korean.
Furthermore, they will also get an opportunity to attend POSCO seminars and other fellowship community activities.
An opportunity to experience Korean culture.
Furthermore, the POSCO Asia Fellowship in South Korea 2025 is a fantastic chance to study in South Korea for free!

Application Process:
The application process for the POSCO Asia fellowship in South Korea 2026 is online.
Click on the ‘Apply Now’ button below to apply for the Asia Fellowship in South Korea.
Fill out the application form for the POSCO fellowship carefully and with the correct information with all the required details.
Submit the fellowship application form along with all the documents online.
The announcement of the result will be at the end of July.
The call for the interviews would be in August.
Announcement of the final candidates will be made by the end of August.
Make sure to apply before the deadline.
POSCO Asia Fellowship 2026 Deadline:
The deadline for the fully funded POSCO Asia Fellowship for Master and Doctoral students in South Korea 2025 is
31 May 2025
.