Title: President's PhD Scholarships at Imperial College London 2025-26 | Study in the UK - Opportunities Circle

Country:
United Kingdom

Eligibility Criteria :
Does this opportunity to study at Imperial College London sound interesting to you? If yes, keep on reading the eligibility criteria for President’s PhD Scholarships 2025-26 that we have compiled for you below.
Eligibility Criteria for Imperial College London Scholarships 2025-26:
The Imperial College London scholarships for PhD welcomes applications from exceptionally talented individuals from Imperial College London, the United Kingdom, and around the world.
Nationality is not a limiting factor; there are no nationality restrictions.
The scholarship in the United Kingdom accommodates both full-time and part-time study arrangements, allowing candidates to choose the mode that best suits their academic journey.
The institution actively encourages applications from individuals of diverse backgrounds.
Eligible candidates should have completed, or be in the process of completing, an undergraduate or integrated Master’s degree with a first-class or equivalent distinction.
If applicants have not completed their Bachelor’s or integrated Master’s degree yet, they must showcase excellent performance that suggests they can achieve a distinction in a standalone Master’s program.
The program only accepts new applications for PhD candidates and does not take into account those who are already registered as Imperial College PhD students.
All candidates will undergo assessment depending on academic excellence and research potential.
Only candidates who have contacted the supervisor and received confirmation of their assistance in research work will be eligible for the Imperial College London President’s PhD Scholarship.

Benefits :
If you meet the eligibility criteria above, do not forget to read the various benefits of the President’s PhD scholarships at Imperial College London that Opportunities Circle has listed for you below.
Benefits of the President’s PhD Scholarships in the UK:
The President’s PhD Scholarships in UK include full coverage of tuition fees for the PhD program.
All applicants will receive a stipend for PhD in Imperial College London of £25,150 per year to support living expenses (2024-25 rate).
PhD applicants will get a consumable grant of £2000 per year for the initial three years of the PhD program.
The President’s PhD Scholarships at Imperial College London offers unique support services, including assistance for students with disabilities and visa support for international students.
Moreover, international students will have access to complimentary English language courses, as well as participation in various college clubs and communities.
Scholars also gain access to state-of-the-art laboratories, libraries, and research resources.
Imperial College London offers comprehensive career development support, helping scholars prepare for a successful career path both within and outside academia.
Beyond academics, Imperial College London offers a vibrant campus life, including cultural events, sports, and various clubs and societies to enrich scholars’ experiences.
Upon graduation, scholars become part of an extensive alumni network, opening doors to opportunities and collaborations throughout their careers.

Requirements for President’s PhD Scholarships 2025-26 at Imperial College London:
Personal Statement (2 pages)
Research Proposal
Academic Referees (2)
Transcript or Degrees

Application Process:
There is no specific application form for President’s PhD Scholarships 2025.
Instead, applicants should submit their application for admission to Imperial College London via the online admissions system.
Moreover, scholarship nomination is done on academic merit and potential and is coordinated by the respective academic department.
Applicants must also follow scholarship-specific instructions during the admissions process, in addition to any extra application requirements outlined by their chosen department.
Before applying, candidates must establish communication with a supervisor in an academic department at Imperial College London who has agreed to supervise their research project.
In addition, each supervisor can only oversee one scholar at a time.
Applications for this scholarship program are done at three different points during the academic year.
Candidates who meet the eligibility criteria will undergo evaluation by the respective department.
Successful candidates will receive official written confirmation of their scholarship. Acceptance into a PhD program is contingent upon the candidate meeting the necessary qualifications.
Applicants who do not receive the scholarship will automatically be considered for a standard PhD placement.
President’s PhD Scholarships Deadline:
There are different deadlines for the Imperial College London President’s PhD Scholarship 2025-26.
4 November 2024:
For those who will get scholarship notification by the
end of January 2025.
9 January 2025:
For those who will get scholarship notification by the
end of
March 2025.
10 March 2025:
For those who will get scholarship notification by the
end of
May 2025.