Title: Queen Elizabeth Commonwealth Scholarships 2025-26 | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Different countries

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
Commonwealth countries

Deadline:
June 4, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Before you start your application, check the requirements and the Queen Elizabeth Commonwealth Scholarship eligibility. However, if you meet the criteria, do not miss the QECS Awards Program and apply for the fully funded scholarship for international students.
Eligibility Criteria for the Queen Elizabeth Commonwealth Scholarships 2025-26:
Applicants must be citizens of any of the
Commonwealth countries
.
Applicants cannot apply to their own country.
Applicants who have refugee status in commonwealth countries can also apply for the Queen Elizabeth Commonwealth Scholarships (QECS).
They must have got a 2:1 or higher in their undergraduate degree.
There is no upper age limit for achieving a Queen Elizabeth Commonwealth Scholarship Award.
Please keep in mind that every university may have its own set of admissions standards. Ensure you meet any additional university requirements.
Furthermore, applicants must meet the course criteria too.

Benefits :
Queen Elizabeth Scholarship 2025 will cover all the expenses related to studying abroad. Following is the list of financial coverage for this masters scholarship.
Benefits of the Queen Elizabeth Commonwealth Scholarship 2025-26:
There is no upper age limit or restriction to apply for the QECS Scholarships 2025.
All applicants of the Queen Elizabeth Commonwealth Scholarship receive full tuition fee coverage.
Furthermore, students will receive a living allowance/stipend.
They will also get one-off arrival allowance.
Return flight airfare (to and from their home countries) will also be provided.
Research support grant (in some cases).
The ACU Commonwealth Scholarship is an excellent opportunity to study abroad free of cost.
Applicants will get to explore a new country and its culture.
Furthermore, it is an opportunity to study at an international university and work under the supervision of top mentors in relevant fields.

QECS Scholarships 2025 Requirements:
Reference Letters
Study Plan
Academic & Employment Record
Statements
Other Required Documents, if any

Application Process:
You must be thinking about how to apply for Queen Elizabeth Scholarship. Don’t worry just click on ‘apply now’ button below to start your application.
The entire application process is online.
Applicants must register themselves on the myACU portal.
Students will get a confirmation email.
Log in and fill out the Queen Elizabeth Commonwealth Scholarships application form.
Students are required to fill out the scholarship application alongside the university application.
Provide all required details correctly.
Before starting the QECS scholarship application, make sure to collect all supporting documents.
Applicants must apply for the Queen Elizabeth Commonwealth Scholarships by clicking on each university’s “apply now” option.
Select the university, check the requirements and criteria for the specific course and apply for your chosen university.
For more FAQs, click
here
.
Queen Elizabeth Commonwealth Scholarship 2025 Deadline:
Queen Elizabeth Commonwealth Scholarship deadline for Cycle 2 is 04 June 2025.