Title: Remote Base React Developer Job Opportunity 2022 - Opportunities Circle

Financial coverage:
Paid

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Here are the criteria of Remote Base for applicants applying for the job:
Applicants must have knowledge of coding, including code testing, writing and documentation.
Must have the capability of understanding team codebase, product area and systems.
Applicants must be interactive enough to give suggestions and problem-solving ideas.
Applicants are required to participate in system design with their team members.
Teamwork is requested from each employee.
Applicants should be work-oriented to complete each task on time.

Benefits :
The remote base employees get the following benefits:
Flexible timings privilege. This means you can schedule your timetable and work whenever you want (Keep in mind to complete the minimum working hours).
Employees get a health care allowance.
RemoteBasee will also give plaid leaves.
You can work either from home or office.
RemoteBasee offers market-competitive salaries.
Free co-working passes are provided to employees.
Salary increments are offered every 6 months.
Employees get to work in a friendly working environment, which may increase productivity and learning.
Employees are sent on trips to Silicon Valley for learning and exposure by the company.

Here are the requirements for Remote Base React Developer:
Experience in JavaScript, ES6 and ReactJS.
At least one year experience, up to 8 years experience.
Knowledge of HTML, CSS3, SASS and Responsive Design.
The following qualities will be preferred:
Knowledge of TypeScript, Vue.Js and Angular.JS.
Styled components, storybook and react testing library will be preferred.
Work experience in AWS (S3, EC2, Cloudfront)
The capability of web animations, CSS3 transitions, LESS and BootStrap.
Experience in REST or GraphQL APIs.

Application Process:
Follow the link below to apply for the Remote Base opportunity.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Follow the link below to apply for the Remote Base opportunity.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.