Title: RIKEN IMS Internship Program 2025 in Japan - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Japan

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
If you want to pursue a top internship in Japan, you must apply for the IMS Internship Program. However, before you apply, make sure to go through the eligibility criteria to ensure you meet all the requirements.
Eligibility Criteria for RIKEN IMS Internship Program 2025:
The internship in Japan is open to students from all over the world.
Internships are offered in two categories.
Applicants in Category 1 must be students in a master’s or PhD program or medical students at an equal level to that of a master’s student in Japan.
Applicants in Category 2 should be young postdocs within three years of getting their PhD.
Moreover, applicants must be enrolled in an academic institution during the internship period.
Selection Criteria:
Applicants should show a strong commitment to enhancing their research skills by engaging in a new research environment at RIKEN IMS.
The Japanese internship should play a significant role in the applicant’s career growth and development.
Similarly, the proposed research objectives and topics should align with the focus areas of RIKEN IMS.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If yes, you would not want to miss the RIKEN Center for Integrative Medical Sciences Internship. Keep reading to know more about the various benefits of this internship program.
Benefits of RIKEN IMS Internship Program in Japan:
The program offers paid internship and provides support through two categories.
Category 1 for students provides lodging, travel expenses and a daily internship allowance of 3,000 yen per working day.
Category 2 for young postdocs covers lodging and travel expenses but does not include a daily allowance.
Similarly, accommodation support/lodging is provided based on the duration of stay as follows.
Up to 11,600 yen/day for stays between 1 to 30 days.
Up to 10,440 yen for stays between 31 to 60 days.
Up to 9,280 yen for stays exceeding 60 days.
Moreover, it is a fantastic internship in Japan 2025 where interns will pursue research at host laboratories and study free in Japan.

RIKEN IMS Internship Requirements:
Curriculum vitae
Purpose statement (1 page, A4 size) outlining research interests at RIKEN IMS
Research background (1 page, A4 size)
Desired internship dates (1-3 months)
GDPR Consent form (for EU and UK residents only)
Recommendation letter (sent directly from applicant’s supervisor to the host team leader)

Application Process:
Wondering how to get an internship in Japan? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to apply for the RIKEN IMS Internship Program.
Before you apply, make sure you meet all criteria and requirements of this internship program.
Similarly, contact the RIKEN IMS Laboratory where you would like to work.
After finding a laboratory, discuss your proposed research topic with the team leader.
Email the team leader of your host laboratory with the necessary documents.
Make sure to submit your application at least four months before your intended start date.
RIKEN IMS Internship Program Deadline:
The deadline to apply for RIKEN IMS Internship Program 2025 is not mentioned.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Wondering how to get an internship in Japan? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to apply for the RIKEN IMS Internship Program.
Before you apply, make sure you meet all criteria and requirements of this internship program.
Similarly, contact the RIKEN IMS Laboratory where you would like to work.
After finding a laboratory, discuss your proposed research topic with the team leader.
Email the team leader of your host laboratory with the necessary documents.
Make sure to submit your application at least four months before your intended start date.
RIKEN IMS Internship Program Deadline:
The deadline to apply for RIKEN IMS Internship Program 2025 is not mentioned.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.