Title: Royal Scholarship 2025 in Thailand | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Thailand

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Deadline:
March 31, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Does this international scholarship sound interesting to you? If it does, make sure to thoroughly go through the SUT Scholarship eligibility criteria below:
Eligibility Criteria for Royal Scholarship in Thailand 2025:
For Undergraduate Scholarship:
Applicants must be from eligible ASEAN countries (Brunei, Indonesia, Cambodia, Laos, Malaysia, Singapore, Myanmar, Philipines, and Vietnam).
Applicants applying for a bachelor’s degree must have completed their studies until grade 12 or equivalent. Students who are expecting to complete their 12 by May 2025 are also eligible.
The eligible programs for undergraduate scholarships are Civil Engineering (CE), Mechanical & Aeronautical Engineering (MAE), Petrochemical & Polymer Engineering (PPE), and Innovative Agripreneur (IA).
They should have excellent academic performance.
They should have a good command of English.
For Graduate Scholarship:
Applicants need to be international students.
Applicants must have a bachelor’s degree if they are applying for a master’s, continuous master’s/doctoral program, or doctoral program.
Applicants should have GPAX more than 3.5 in Master’s. Students must publish at least one international journal in the top or middle-high positions for the Doctoral program.
They must not be receiving any other scholarship anywhere else.
They should have English language proficiency.

Benefits :
If you meet the eligibility criteria above, remember to check the benefits of this international scholarship program.
Benefits of Royal Scholarship 2025 in Thailand:
For Undergraduate Scholarship:
Scholars will get an exemption from tuition fees for 4 years.
Exemption from University fee.
Student activity support fee.
They will also get on-campus accommodation.
Health and accidental insurance will be covered.
Students will also get a monthly allowance of 4000 Baht.
For Graduate Scholarship:
Scholars shall be exempted from tuition fees.
University support fee.
Student activity support fee.
They will also get a monthly allowance of 10,000 Baht (ten thousand Baht only).

Thailand Scholarship Requirements:
Copy of passport.
Copy of transcript.
Copy of high school certificate.
English proficiency test scores.
Statement of purpose (500-600 words)

Application Process:
The application process for this international scholarship is online.
How to apply for a Royal Scholarship in Thailand?
Applicants must visit the official website by clicking the
Apply Now
button below.
Click on Menu and Select Royal Scholarship 2025.
Start your application for the scholarship and choose the program you want to apply to.
Make sure to provide all your personal and educational information.
Upload all the required documents and an essay (statement of purpose).
Applicants will also be required to provide a short introductory video.
Review your application before submitting it.
Make sure to submit your application form.
Royal Scholarship Deadline:
The application deadline for the Royal Scholarship 2025 in Thailand is
31st March 2025.