Title: Ruby on Rails Developer Job Opportunity 2022 - Opportunities Circle

Financial coverage:
Paid

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Here are the criteria for the Ruby on rail developer program:
Computer Science degree or comparable work experience.
Minimum two years of experience building functional production applications utilizing Ruby on Rails.
Comfortable in Mac / Linux environments.
Experience with API development and consumption.
Ability to work independently, both remote and in-person.
Familiarity with ReactJS or VueJS.
Experience with Amazon Web Services and Heroku will be a plus point.
Experience working with UX and visual designers will be preferred.

Job/Internship Description :
Help them build and expand our technology presence
Architect and develop new features in Ruby/Rails and JavaScript
Work on multiple features.
Ensure code integrity standards and code best practices.
Collaborate closely with design, product, sales, and management to develop new solutions.
Identify and resolve web performance, usability, and scalability issues.
Code Reviews.
Identify new technologies to solve technical challenges.
To be able to set up new tasks.
It will help upgrade and expand the existence of technology.

Benefits :
Here are the benefits of the Ruby on Rails Developer job opportunity:
Flexible timings. You decide your work schedule.
Health Allowance.
Paid leaves.
Market competitive salaries.
Insane learning and growth.
Free Co-Working Passes.
Trips to Silicon Valley.
Bi-annual increments.
Fully remote with oﬃce optional. You decide when you would like to work from home and the oﬃce.

Application Process:
Follow the link below to apply for the Ruby on Rails Developer job opportunity.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Follow the link below to apply for the Ruby on Rails Developer job opportunity.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.