Title: Sankofatech Achievers in Technology Program 2025 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
USA

Financial coverage:
Paid

Deadline:
March 31, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
If you are an African student looking for mentorship programs, you must apply for the Sankofatech AIT Program. However, before you apply, go through the eligibility criteria and requirements of this program to ensure you are eligible.
Eligibility Criteria for Sankofatech Achievers in Technology Program 2025:
The program is open to applicants of African descent.
They must be entering as a first-year student at a U.S. college or university for the 2024-2025 academic year.
Moreover, to be eligible for the AIT program, applicants should have a keen interest in pursuing a career in Software Engineering or Data Science.
They should come from a low-income household.
Similarly, candidates should show strong time management skills, a passion for learning and a commitment to success to excel in the program.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If you do, you would not want to miss this mentorship program for Africans. Keep on reading to know about the advantages of this program in USA.
Benefits of Sankofatech Achievers in Technology Program:
Applicants will receive an annual $500 scholarship for the first two years.
They will also receive guidance and mentorship from experienced professionals in the tech industry.
Similarly, the program offers access to training to excel in technical job interviews.
It is an excellent opportunity for Africans to connect with a diverse community of Black tech professionals.
The AIT Program also offers a chance to attend a technology conference and expand industry knowledge.
It is a fantastic program for African students interested in tech, data science, software engineering and computer science.

Application Process:
Want to know how to apply for the Sankofatech Achievers in Technology Program 2025?
Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application.
However, before you apply, make sure you meet the eligibility criteria for this scholarship for Africans.
The entire application process is online.
Applicants must fill out the application form answering all questions within the set word limit.
Similarly, they must meet the minimum requirements.
Selected applicants will be invited for an interview in May 2025 and final selection will take place in July 2025.
Make sure to apply before the deadline.
Sankofatech Achievers in Technology Program Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the Sankofatech Achievers in Technology Program 2025 is
end of March 2025
.