Title: Schwarzman Scholars Program in China 2026-27 | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Beijing, China

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Deadline:
September 10, 2025

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Want to pursue your masters in China for free? Then, this fully funded Schwarzman Scholars Programme 2026-27 in China is for you! Before starting the application process, check the eligibility criteria for this master’s scholarship in China.
Eligibility Criteria for the Schwarzman Scholars Program 2026 in China:
Applicants must have a bachelor’s degree or any other equivalent degree.
Applicants must have an excellent academic record to become eligible for the Schwarzman scholarship in China.
Applicant’s age should be between 18 and 28 (the applicant must be at least 28 years as of August 1 of the enrolment year).
Furthermore, they should have Intellectual Ability, Leadership Abilities, Integrity, Academic Aptitude, and exemplary character.
Applicants from all fields can apply for the fully funded Schwarzman Scholars 2026.
All national and international applicants are eligible for these China scholarships.
Applicants must have good English skills because the courses under the Schwarzman Scholars Program (SSP) at Tsinghua University are in English.

Benefits :
Want to know about what benefits are offered under this international master’s scholarship 2024 in China? Opportunities Circle has listed the Schwarzman Scholars Program benefits below.
Benefits of the Schwarzman Scholars Programme in China 2026:
Suppose the applicant gets selected for an interview. In that case, the program will provide travel expenses such as economy class airfare or train tickets, meals, and one night of hotel accommodation if necessary.
Those applicants who will be selected for this fully funded Chinese scholarship program will receive all travel expenses.
They will also get a complete tuition fee throughout the Schwarzman Scholarship program duration.
The scholar will also receive a stipend under the Tsinghua University Scholars Program 2026.
Scholars will get an allowance for study tours.
In addition, an allowance for course books and laptop facilities will be provided under the Schwarzman Scholars Programme 2026 in China.
Scholars will also receive medical insurance.
Furthermore, this fully funded Schwarzman Scholarship for international students is an amazing opportunity to visit China for free.

Documents Required for Schwarzman Scholarship Program 2026:
The following documents are required for the fully funded Schwarzman Scholars Program 2026 in China:
2 Essays (Leadership purpose essay and SOP)
3 Letters of Recommendation
Online application
Resume
Academic Transcripts
Video introduction
English test score (IELTS OR TOEFL if the applicant’s first language is not English).

Application Process:
Click on the
Apply Now
button below to start your application for the Tsinghua University Schwarzman Scholars Programme 2026 in China.
Create a new user account if you are applying for the first time.
Applicants must complete the application online by answering all the required questions.
The application form must be completed in the English Language.
After submitting the application and required documents, the applicant will receive a confirmation email.
Another good thing is that you can save and continue your application as many times as you want before submitting it.
Schwarzman Scholars Program Deadline:
The application deadline for the Schwarzman Scholars Programme 2026 in China differs for Chinese nationals and international students. The last date for international students is September 10, 2025, and for Chinese students, it is May 20, 2025.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Click on the
Apply Now
button below to start your application for the Tsinghua University Schwarzman Scholars Programme 2026 in China.
Create a new user account if you are applying for the first time.
Applicants must complete the application online by answering all the required questions.
The application form must be completed in the English Language.
After submitting the application and required documents, the applicant will receive a confirmation email.
Another good thing is that you can save and continue your application as many times as you want before submitting it.
Schwarzman Scholars Program Deadline:
The application deadline for the Schwarzman Scholars Programme 2026 in China differs for Chinese nationals and international students. The last date for international students is September 10, 2025, and for Chinese students, it is May 20, 2025.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.