Title: Skoltech University Scholarship 2025 in Russia | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Russia

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligibility Criteria :
Do you want to study in Russia for free? If yes, make sure to apply for the Skoltech scholarship in Russia and also go through the eligibility criteria for the Skoltech University Scholarship below.
Eligibility Criteria for Skoltech University Scholarship in Russia 2025:
Students applying for the Master’s program must have graduated from a recognized university.
For MSc programs, applicants should have an appropriate bachelor’s degree, specialist degree or its equivalent to be eligible for the postgraduate scholarship.
To apply for the PhD program, they must have a master’s degree in a relevant field from a recognized university.
Similarly, for higher chances of selection, applicants should have a degree relevant to Skoltech’s programs.
Applicants must submit English proficiency test results; minimum 72 on TOEFL iBT, 543 for TOEFL ITP or a score of 5.5 bands of IELTS.
Candidates should additionally meet the general admission requirements to enroll at Skoltech University.

Benefits :
If you meet the eligibility criteria and requirements above, do not forget to read the several benefits of this scholarship in Russia 2025. Opportunities Circle has compiled a list of benefits below.
Benefits of Skoltech University Scholarship 2025:
The Skoltech Scholarship program is a fully funded scholarship in Russia.
It offers a full tuition fee waiver.
Moreover, applicants receive comprehensive medical insurance coverage, ensuring their health and well-being throughout their academic journey.
Stipend for master’s students is 40,000 rubles, while for PhD students, it can exceed 70,000 rubles.
Students will also have the opportunity to take part in various academic exchange programs with foreign and Russian universities.
It is one of the best Russian scholarships to study free in Russia.

Skoltech Scholarship Requirements:
Resume/CV
Transcript/Diploma
Motivation letter
IELTS or TOEFL results (if available)
Two letters of recommendation

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for the Skoltech University Scholarship 2025?
To apply, visit the official admission application portal or click on the ‘apply now’ button below.
The entire application process is online, so applicants must submit the complete application and required documents before the deadline.
Before you apply, make sure that you meet the admission requirements and eligibility criteria for the Skoltech University Scholarship in Russia.
In addition, there is no separate application for funding, all candidates shall be automatically considered for the funding.
Shortlisted applicants will be invited to the Selection Weekend for testing and interviews.
Skoltech University Scholarship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the Skoltech University Scholarship 2025 for the MSc program is
7 July 2025
and
1 July 2025
for PhD programs.