Title: Sustainable Student Farm Summer Internship 2025 in USA | Paid Internship - Opportunities Circle

Country:
USA

Financial coverage:
Paid

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
If you are a student interested in farming, agriculture and horticulture, you must apply for this summer internship 2025. However, before you do, go through the eligibility criteria below to make sure you meet the requirements.
Eligibility Criteria for Sustainable Student Farm Summer Internship 2025:
The summer internship is open for applicants interested in a farm internship.
Applicants should be available between 19 May and 15 August 2025.
The paid internship has a requirement of 30-35 hour per week commitment and three hours of credit.
From Mondays to Thursdays interns will work on the farm.
Similarly, on Fridays, all interns will participate in lectures and discussions on farm design, vegetable production, soil health, farm ecosystems, and food-related social issues.
They will have to take part in visits to other farms and community gardens, including volunteer opportunities.
Interns will also be responsible for planning, planting, managing, harvesting, and documenting personal vegetable beds.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If you do, you would not want to miss these internships in USA. Keep reading to know more about the benefits of this agriculture internship that Opportunities Circle has compiled below.
Benefits of Sustainable Student Farm Summer Internship:
It is a paid internship for students that offers an hourly wage. Interns will be paid at $15 per hour.
Applicants will gain practical skills in sustainable agriculture, including planting, harvesting, irrigation and crop maintenance.
Interns will learn how to grow vegetables and implement sustainable agriculture practices.
Moreover, interns will also visit and volunteer at other farms and community gardens.
They will work alongside other interns, developing teamwork and communication skills in a farm setting.
It is a fantastic paid summer internship that you should not miss.

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for the Sustainable Student Farm Summer Internship 2025? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to go to the official portal.
Before you apply, make sure you are eligible and meet all the requirements.
Applicants must send their resume and cover letter explaining why they want to be part of the program.
They should email the resume and cover letter to
[email protected]
Sustainable Student Farm Summer Internship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for Sustainable Student Farm Internship 2025 in USA is not mentioned.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for the Sustainable Student Farm Summer Internship 2025? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to go to the official portal.
Before you apply, make sure you are eligible and meet all the requirements.
Applicants must send their resume and cover letter explaining why they want to be part of the program.
They should email the resume and cover letter to
[email protected]
Sustainable Student Farm Summer Internship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for Sustainable Student Farm Internship 2025 in USA is not mentioned.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.