Title: Teach English in Spain 2022 - Erasmus Paid Teaching Opportunity - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Spain

Financial coverage:
Paid

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Here are the eligibility criteria for the Teach English in Spain Program:
Candidates should be eager to learn about and travel across the country.
Candidates must be able to communicate in English at a C1 level.
Candidates must have earned a bachelor’s degree within the last four years.
Non-native speakers can make use of other opportunities.

Job/Internship Description :
Selected candidates will assist teachers in teaching the English language to students.
Candidates will create enjoyable learning activities, including conversations, theatre, and dance courses.

Benefits :
Here are some benefits of the Teach English in Spain Opportunity:
It is a paid international opportunity.
Spanish classes are provided at no cost.
Candidates will receive teaching credentials.
Some schools may additionally provide language helpers with free meals and lodging.
Stipends will vary depending on the school. It usually costs between 400 and 1200 Euros each month.

Application Process:
To apply, create an account as a language assistant using the Erasmus platform. Use the application link provided below to register for Teach English in Spain paid opportunity.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
To apply, create an account as a language assistant using the Erasmus platform. Use the application link provided below to register for Teach English in Spain paid opportunity.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.