Title: Think Big Scholarships 2025 at University of Bristol | Study in UK - Opportunities Circle

Country:
United Kingdom

Financial coverage:
Partially Funded

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you also interested in applying for the University of Bristol Think Big awards in the UK? Then start your application today! Before you sign up for an application, check the eligibility criteria and requirements of this UK scholarship.
Eligibility Criteria for University of Bristol Think Big Scholarships 2025:
Applicants must be applying for the undergraduate courses except for medicine, dentistry, and veterinary science.
Applicants must be international students and shall not hold UK citizenship.
Students must not be receiving any other scholarship or funding.
Applicants who want to pursue postgraduate degree must apply for eligible courses.
International students must have good academic and other achievements.
Applicants must have overseas fee-paying student status.
Furthermore, they must meet the University of Bristol requirements.

Benefits :
Think Big international scholarships in UK come with great benefits. You must be thinking about what benefits are covered under the Think Big Scholarship 2025. Opportunities Circle has listed the benefits and funding details below.
Benefits of University of Bristol Think Big Scholarships 2025:
The scholarship ranges between £6,500 and £13,000 per year for the undergraduate program, and the value of the postgraduate scholarship is £6,500, £13,000, and £26,000 per year.
This amount is applicable to tuition fees only.
Postgraduate students can also apply for Think Big Career Accelerator, an employment programme  that comes with a £3,000 scholarship.
The University of Bristol Think Big Awards will open multiple opportunities for international students.
Opportunity to study in UK at one of the top-ranked universities globally.

Think Big Scholarship Requirements:
UCAS ID/Student ID for undergraduate scholarship
Student ID for postgraduate application
Program or course you applied for
Nationality
Recent educational institution
English language proficiency (if required)
Other documents (if required)

Application Process:
The University of Bristol Think Big Scholarship Application process is online.
Students must have applied for the course of interest at the University of Bristol.
Then, start the application process for the Think Big scholarship. Students are required to provide their student ID and some personal information in the scholarship application form.
Applicants must answer all mandatory questions. The questions are different for undergraduate and postgraduate applicants.
The application cannot be saved, so you have to fill out and submit the application in one go.
Applicants must apply before the University of Bristol Think Big Scholarship 2025 deadline.
University of Bristol Think Big Scholarships Deadline:
The Think Big Undergraduate Scholarship deadline is
24 February 2025.
The deadline for Think Big Postgraduate Scholarships is
23 April 2025.
Late applications will not be considered.