Title: Tomorrow’s Leaders Graduate Program 2022 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Egypt

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
Algeria, Iraq, Jordan, Lebanon, Morocco, Tunisia, Yemen, and Syrian citizens residing outside of Syria

Deadline:
October 1, 2021

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Nationals of the following countries can apply only: Algeria, Iraq, Jordan, Lebanon, Morocco, Tunisia, Yemen, and Syrian citizens residing outside of Syria.
Meet AUC graduate admission requirements.
They must have a bachelor’s degree with a minimum overall grade point average of 3.0 on a scale of 4.
Applicants must be proficient in the English language.
Possess maturity and leadership potential demonstrated in a combination of extracurricular activities, recommendations, and interviews.
Financial need.

Benefits :
Total tuition fees for the fall and spring semesters,
Medical insurance,
A monthly stipend,
Student housing,
Laptop computer,
Internship opportunity, including local transportation costs if needed,
A chance to attend one conference to present research findings applied to and awarded competitively, as per Graduate Student Support Grants guidelines.
Two annual round-trip economy airfare tickets to campus or housing and a living stipend to continue approved program activities during breaks for students unable to return home because of circumstances beyond their control.

Responsibilities
Applicants must maintain full-time status throughout their graduate studies.
Applicants are expected to complete their degrees within two years from their date of admission.
Maintain a minimum GPA of 3.2.
Commit to the chosen research projects.
They must complete a minimum of one gender studies graduate-level course.
Complete a TLG academic English writing course.
Complete leadership or civic engagement workshops assigned during the program duration.
Take part in tomorrow’s leaders’ graduate conference.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.