Title: TWAS-NCP Postdoctoral Fellowship Programme 2025 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Pakistan

Financial coverage:
Paid

Deadline:
July 31, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you a researcher looking for top international fellowships? If yes, you must apply for the TWAS-NCP Fellowship 2025. However, before you apply, review the eligibility criteria below to ensure you meet all the requirements.
Eligibility Criteria for TWAS-NCP Postdoctoral Fellowship Programme:
Candidates must be permanent residents of a developing country, other than Pakistan.
They should not possess a temporary or permanent residency visa for Pakistan or any developed nation.
Applicants must hold a PhD in a natural science discipline.
Similarly, the PhD must have been awarded within the past five years.
Candidates must currently hold a research position in their home country, which must also be a developing nation other than Pakistan.
Fellows should submit a medical certificate confirming good health from a certified medical doctor.
An official Acceptance Letter from NCP is mandatory for the 2025 NCP PDoc Fellowships.
Moreover, if English is not the applicant’s medium of instruction, proof of English proficiency must be provided.
Applicants must present a written commitment to return to their home country after the fellowship concludes.
During the TWAS fellowship, applicants must not undertake any other work or commitments.
The fellow is financially responsible for any family members who may accompany them.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If you do, you would not want to miss The World Academy of Sciences Fellowship. Keep on reading to know about the benefits of this program.
Benefits of TWAS-NCP Postdoctoral Fellowship Programme:
It is a paid fellowship that offers many benefits.
Fellows will receive a monthly stipend from the National Centre for Physics (NCP). Hence, fellows do not have to worry about living expenses or financial constraints.
The stipend can be used to cover essential living expenses such as meals, housing and basic health insurance.
Similarly, TWAS fellows will be able to advance their careers and pursue research in the field of sciences.

Application Process:
Thinking about how to apply for the TWAS-NCP Postdoctoral Fellowship Programme? Click the ‘apply now’ button below to start your application.
However, before you apply, make sure you meet the eligibility criteria and requirements of this postdoctoral fellowship.
All applicants must apply through the online portal.
Applicants must obtain an official Acceptance Letter from NCP and submit when applying or by the deadline.
To get this, applicants should contact the Director of the Collaboration & Academic Activities Directorate (CAAD) (
[email protected]
) and submit their CV and a summary of their research proposal.
Make sure you apply before the deadline.
TWAS-NCP Postdoctoral Fellowship Programme Deadline:
The deadline to apply for TWAS-NCP Postdoctoral Fellowship Programme 2025 is
31 July 2025
.