Title: TWAS-DFG Cooperation Visits Programme in Germany 2025 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Germany

Financial coverage:
Partially Funded

Eligible Regions:
MENA Region (Algeria, Lebanon, Jordan, Iraq, Egypt, Libya, Morocco, Oman, Palestine, Syrian Arab Republic, Tunisia, Yemen)

Deadline:
May 19, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you a postdoctoral researcher looking to pursue research in Germany? If yes, you would not want to miss the TWAS-DFG Cooperation Visits Programme 2025, so make sure to apply before the deadline. However, before doing so, go through the eligibility criteria for this research program in Germany.
Eligibility Criteria for TWAS-DFG Cooperation Visits Programme 2025 in Germany:
Candidates must hold a research position in a MENA country (Middle East and North Africa).
Applicants should have a minimum of PhD degree.
They should have obtained their PhD no earlier than 2020. For female applicants, the limit extends by two years per child, up to a maximum of three children, allowing a woman with three or more children to apply with a PhD from 2014 or later.
Moreover, to be eligible for the TWAS-DFG Cooperation Visits Programme 2025, applicants should find a German Host Institute.
However, those with an existing collaboration with the intended host are not eligible. The existing collaboration can be in the form of a shared publication with the host professor, a previous visit to the host’s laboratory, interaction with the host professor at a conference or if the host professor previously supervised the applicant’s MSc or PhD.
The Cooperation Visits Programme by TWAS-DFG is a three-month program and these visits must be completed within 12 months of receiving the award.
In addition, applicants already in Germany are not eligible to apply.
Older recipients of a TWAS-DFG Cooperation Visit cannot apply again. For a second visit, the German host must seek funding through the DFG Initiation of International Collaboration Programme.
Female scientists are highly especially encouraged to apply for this TWAS postdoctoral program.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If you do, make sure to read the various advantages of the TWAS-DFG Cooperation Visits in Germany. Opportunities Circle has compiled a list of benefits for you below.
Benefits of TWAS-DFG Cooperation Visits Programme in Germany:
The TWAS Visits Programme offers a great opportunity for postdoctoral researchers from the MENA region.
The postdoc program for researchers will cover travel expenses, ensuring that researchers do not have to worry about financial constraints.
Similarly, DFG will also provide subsistence costs for the stay in Germany.
The Cooperation Visits Programme is a fantastic opportunity to conduct research in collaboration with German scientists.
It actively encourages applications from female scientists.
The TWAS-DFG Programme is open to researchers from all academic disciplines and there is no age limit.
In addition, the postdoc research program offers researchers the chance to visit Germany and work at a German research institute.

TWAS-DFG Programme Requirements:
Copy of Passport
Recent invitation letter from a German host, with the following details:
Maximum of two pages on the institution’s letterhead
Proposed duration of the visit (up to 3 months) and details about the planned cooperation
Evidence of mutual agreement on the research proposal between the applicant and the host
Confirmation that the necessary research facilities are available
Reference letters from senior scientists familiar with applicants’ work (2)
A copy of PhD certificate
Proof of proficiency in English or German
A supporting statement from the Head or Director of applicants’ home institute, confirming support for the application and approval for leave if they receive the cooperation visit in Germany

Application Process:
The application process for the TWAS-DFG Cooperation Visits Programme 2025 for Postdoctoral Researchers in Germany is online.
How to apply for the TWAS-DFG Cooperation Visits Programme – MENA?
If you wish to apply for this research program by TWAS and the German Research Foundation (DFG), click on the ‘apply now’ button below or visit the official application portal.
All applicants must apply online and make sure they meet the eligibility criteria for the TWAS-DFG Programme in Germany.
Similarly, applicants must find a German Host Institute. For more information about the German host institutes, click
here
.
Moreover, all applicants must submit the online application form and the necessary documents mentioned above.
Make sure to apply before the deadline.
TWAS-DFG Cooperation Visits Programme Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the TWAS-DFG Cooperation Visits Programme in Germany is
19 May 2025
.