Title: UAL International Postgraduate Scholarships 2025 in the UK - Opportunities Circle

Country:
United Kingdom

Financial coverage:
Partially Funded

Eligible Regions:
Brazil, Colombia, Egypt, India, Indonesia, Mexico, Thailand, Turkey or South Africa

Deadline:
June 22, 2025

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you interested in applying for scholarships in UK for international students? Opportunities Circle encourages students to apply for these UK scholarships if they meet the criteria. However, you must check the UAL International Postgraduate Scholarship requirements before starting the application.
Eligibility Criteria for the UAL International Postgraduate Scholarships 2025:
Applicants must be residents of one of the low-income countries to be eligible for the UAL International Postgraduate Scholarships.
Applicants should not have completed postgraduate qualifications before.
The maximum annual household income allowed for eligibility should be less than £55,000.
Moreover, applicants must be unable to study in the UK otherwise.
Applicants should have an offer of study for a full-time or part-time masters program at UAL starting in 2025-26.
They must have an excellent academic record, as the scholarships for international students are highly competitive.
You must be able to answer the following questions with maximum 350 words per question:
How will this postgraduate scholarship make a difference in your career?
How will this qualification support your future plans?
How will you address the challenges of your home country and h
ow will you endorse the values of social justice and environmental stewardship?
State any other funding sources you have or may have applied for.
All applicants must meet some or all of the requirements above since there are different criteria. For more details about UAL Postgraduate Scholarships, check the official website.

Benefits :
Start your study adventure in the United Kingdom. Before proceeding, check the financial coverage and benefits of the University of Arts London scholarships. Details about the benefits of UAL scholarships 2025 are provided below.
Benefits of UAL Scholarship in UK:
The UAL International scholarships will cover the tuition fees, relieving the students of the financial burden of paying for their education and studying free in UK.
Students awarded the University of Arts London scholarships will be able to study at one of the top universities in UK.
The UAL International Postgraduate £25,000 scholarship aims to enhance the student’s academic knowledge in their particular area of interest, providing them with access to resources and opportunities to explore and develop their skills.
By participating in this scholarship in UK, students will be equipped with market-competitive skills, enhancing their career prospects and enabling them to succeed in their chosen fields.

Documents Required for the UAL International Postgraduate Scholarships:
To apply for the UAL scholarship for international students, some or all of the following documents are required:
Evidence of domicile
An invitation letter (offer letter) from the university
Evidence of income
Click
here
for more details on the supporting evidence required.

Application Process:
Do you want to know how to apply for the UAL Postgraduate Scholarship 2025? Click on the ‘apply now’ button or visit the official website. All students have to apply through the official website.
The application portal will be revised after the offer letter to study at UAL is received.
In addition, applicants must also include the scholarship application forms and submit the documents required.
Be careful to fill out application forms completely.
The university will email you once you submit your application, letting you know if you were accepted.
All decisions will be announced by 31 July 2025 and the course will start in September/October 2025.
Applicants must make sure to submit the application before the deadline.
Application Deadline for UAL Postgraduate Scholarships 2025:
The deadline to apply for the UAL International Postgraduate Scholarships in the UK is
22 June 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Do you want to know how to apply for the UAL Postgraduate Scholarship 2025? Click on the ‘apply now’ button or visit the official website. All students have to apply through the official website.
The application portal will be revised after the offer letter to study at UAL is received.
In addition, applicants must also include the scholarship application forms and submit the documents required.
Be careful to fill out application forms completely.
The university will email you once you submit your application, letting you know if you were accepted.
All decisions will be announced by 31 July 2025 and the course will start in September/October 2025.
Applicants must make sure to submit the application before the deadline.
Application Deadline for UAL Postgraduate Scholarships 2025:
The deadline to apply for the UAL International Postgraduate Scholarships in the UK is
22 June 2025
.

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services