Title: UMS International Priority Scholarship 2024 in Indonesia | IPS 2024 | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Indonesia

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Deadline:
May 15, 2024

Eligibility Criteria :
Interested in pursuing your higher studies in Indonesia? Then apply now for the Indonesian International Priority Scholarship (IPS) 2024. Eligibility criteria and requirements of IPS 2024 are mentioned below.
Eligibility Criteria of the UMS International Priority Scholarship 2024:
The International Priority Scholarship 2024 is open to students from developing Muslim countries.
The mode of instruction in the IPS 2024 can be English, Bahasa or Arabic.
International students can apply for undergraduate, Master and doctoral programs under this UMS IPS 2024.
To apply for a bachelor’s program, students must have completed high school or an equivalent diploma/degree.
They must have an excellent academic record to apply for a fully funded IPS scholarship in Indonesia.

Benefits :
This international scholarship is full of benefits. So before starting the application process, you must check the benefits of this International Priority Scholarship in Indonesia; Opportunities Circle has listed the benefits below.
Benefits of the UMS International Priority Scholarship 2024 in Indonesia:
This UMS IPS scholarship covers the complete tuition fee for the entire bachelor, master and doctoral program.
Students will receive a living allowance of IDR 1,750,000 monthly.
In addition, they will also get a book allowance of IDR 50,000 per month.
The IPS scholarship at UMS will also cover health insurance.
A return air flight ticket for scholarship recipients.
VISA fees will also be provided.
International students will get a limited-stay permit.
Furthermore, there will be a free 1 year Bahasa Class for students who choose Regular Class.
Under this scholarship, all living expenses, travel costs, educational costs etc., will be covered during the scholarship period.
Furthermore, international students will receive expert support while working with mentors.
UMS International Priority Scholarship will provide networking opportunities to students
IPS 2024 is a chance to study in Indonesia for free!

UMS International Priority Scholarship 2024 Requirements:
Academic Certificate
Academic Transcript
Photograph
Cover Passport (required for TELEX VISA)
Language Certificate
Passport
Academic Recommendation Letter
The Employer / Immediate Supervisor’s Recommendation
Motivation Letter (PDF)
Medical Report
Agreement and Declaration Letter

Application Process:
For the application process, applicants must create an account (register) on the portal by following the
Apply Now
link provided below.
After creating an account, applicants are required to search International Priority Scholarship to get an application form in which they will describe their identity and study information, provide details of the department, and provide additional documents.
Students must carefully submit all the information with all the correct details.
Students must submit the required documents attached as JPG/Images in colour, and the file size should be 300KB maximum.
IPS Scholarship 2024 Application Deadline:
The UMS International Priority Scholarship IPS 2024-25 application deadline is
15 May 2024.