Title: UN Sustainable Development Goals Free Online Course - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
Anyone can Apply

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
This course is for everyone you just need an internet connection to do this course

Benefits :
In this course, you will learn.
Acquire scientifically informed and evidence-based information on the background and reality of each SDG
Understand the complexities of the 169 individual goals that are part of the 17 SDGs
Reflect on the challenges the SDGs face
Recognize the mutual interdependence between the social, ecological and economic objectives of the SDG agenda
Gain an understanding of the existing institutional infrastructure that aims to achieve the SDG goals
Understand how the SDGs are implemented
Learn from professionals what the difficulties are in achieving the SDGs
Understand the emergence and development of the SDGs
Understand how different SDGs are related
Understanding the structure of the SDGs in the context of the United Nations
Gain an understanding of how the SDGs relate to global challenges such as inequality, climate change, poverty, unsustainable consumption and production, and peace and security.

Application Process:
Please follow the link below to apply
This course is free but for certification, you have to pay

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Please follow the link below to apply
This course is free but for certification, you have to pay

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.