Title: UNICEF Internship Program 2025 | Paid Internships - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Different countries

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligibility Criteria :
If you plan to start a career in humanitarian work, apply for these paid internships. However, before starting your application, check the criteria and requirements to ensure eligibility for the UNICEF internships 2025.
Eligibility Criteria for the UNICEF Internships 2025:
Applicants must be International Undergraduate or Graduate students from any country.
Be enrolled in any Graduate, Undergraduate and PhD programmes or have graduated with in the past two years.
Applicant must be an expert in at least one of the UNICEF’s working languages, i.e., English, Spanish or French. Fluency in the language of the office the applicant is applying to may also be required.
Applicants must have excellent academic performance, as demonstrated by recent university/education records.
Applicants should not have an immediate relative working with UNICEF (e.g., mother, father, sister, brother).
Have no other relatives in the candidate’s reporting line of authority.
The candidates must be at least 18 years old or above to be eligible for the UNICEF internships 2025.

Benefits :
Ready to start your application and become a UNICEF intern? Wait! You must check the benefits of these paid UN internships. Details about the financial coverage and benefits of this paid UNICEF internship 2025 are provided in this section.
Benefits of the UNICEF Internship Program 2025:
These internships may provide a monthly stipend for UN interns, hence making it a fantastic paid internship.
Internees may also get a contribution to the living expenses (in some cases).
Moreover, these internships  for students offer a one-time contribution towards visa and travel costs.
Furthermore, the UNICEF Paid Internship is an amazing opportunity to work with one of the largest organizations in the world and develop your skills.
Through this United Nations Internship, students can gain hands-on experience and make their CV worthy.
Moreover, all interns will receive mentorship and guidance from experienced staff.
Access to UNICEF’s global network and online library.

UNICEF Internship Requirements:
CV/Resume
Cover letter
Passport
Academic transcript
Other documents may be required according to the country and field of the UNICEF internship.

Application Process:
Want to know how to become an intern at the United Nations? Click on the
“Apply Now”
button below to get UNICEF internship 2025 apply online portal.
Check UN internship positions.
The first step is researching and selecting the position that fits your interest and qualifications. Multiple positions are offered in different countries.
Once you have identified a suitable position, you should read the job description and requirements carefully to ensure that you meet all of the criteria. You should also research the organization’s mission and values to understand the work that UNICEF does.
The next step is to create a strong resume and cover letter. Your Resume/CV should be tailored to the position you are applying for, highlighting your relevant skill and experience. Moreover, the cover letter should explain why you are an ideal applicant for the UNICEF internship program and how your skills and experience can contribute to the organization’s mission.
Once you have completed your application, submit it online. Be sure to double-check all the information you have provided and make sure it is accurate.
After submitting your application, you can only wait for a response. It may take a few weeks to hear from the organization. Applying for a UNICEF internship program can be a great way to gain valuable experience and make a difference.
UNICEF Internship 2025 Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the UNICEF Internship Program varies. So, make sure to check the deadline for the position you are applying for.