Title: University of Amsterdam Merit Scholarship 2025 | Study in Netherlands - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Netherlands

Financial coverage:
Partially Funded

Eligibility Criteria :
If you are interested in studying for free in Europe, then check your eligibility and start preparing your application.
Here are the eligibility criteria for the University of Amsterdam Scholarship for international students:
Eligibility Criteria of the University of Amsterdam Merit Scholarship 2025 in Europe:
International students from all over the world except those from the EU are eligible for the University of Amsterdam Scholarship 2025.
Applicants who have applied to a degree program at Amsterdam University may submit an application for the Amsterdam Merit Scholarship.
Applicants must have excellent academic results in their previous degree program.
To be eligible for the Amsterdam Merit Scholarship, applicants must fulfill the English language requirements.
Applicants must fulfill the specific eligibility criteria and requirements of the faculty in which they are applying.

Benefits :
Are you looking forward to applying for the master’s scholarship in the Netherlands? Have you checked the criteria above? Before starting your application, check what this scholarship is offering and what expenses will be covered by this Amsterdam Merit Scholarship for international students:
Benefits of the University of Amsterdam Merit Scholarship 2025:
Amsterdam Merit Scholarship provides tuition fees and scholarship amounts depending on the faculty.
The Amsterdam Merit Scholarship can vary between €2,000 – 25,000.
The scholarship is available in many fields.
The master’s scholarship in Europe will open the gate of success for you.
Students will explore European culture and study in Europe.

Amsterdam Merit Scholarship Requirements:
CV
Recommendation Letter
Letter of Motivation

Application Process:
Click on the Apply Now button below to start your application process.
From the official website, select the program of your choice. Check all the details, including eligibility, selection criteria, requirements, and application instructions.
Submit your application for the master’s program in which you are interested.
Upload all the required documents.
Make sure to submit the University of Amsterdam Merit Scholarships application before the deadline.
University of Amsterdam Merit Scholarship Deadline:
The University of Amsterdam Merit Scholarship 2025 deadline varies between mid-January to May, depending on different programs, every year.

Application Process:
Click on the Apply Now button below to start your application process.
From the official website, select the program of your choice. Check all the details, including eligibility, selection criteria, requirements, and application instructions.
Submit your application for the master’s program in which you are interested.
Upload all the required documents.
Make sure to submit the University of Amsterdam Merit Scholarships application before the deadline.
University of Amsterdam Merit Scholarship Deadline:
The University of Amsterdam Merit Scholarship 2025 deadline varies between mid-January to May, depending on different programs, every year.