Title: US Institute of Peace Free Online Courses - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligible Regions:
Anyone can apply

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Here are the eligibility criteria for US Institute of Peace Free Online Courses
Anyone can take this online courses
Anyone can enroll in the courses from the world

Benefits :
Here are the benefits for the US Institute of Peace Free Online Courses
Open to Everyone
Open 24/7
Free of Charge Online Courses
Self-Paced (Can be taken anytime)
Free Certificates will be given.

Here is the list for US Institute of Peace Free Online Courses
Introduction to Peace building
Conflict Analysis
Negotiation: Shaping the Conflict Landscape
Mediating Violent Conflict
Nonviolent Action
Designing Community-Based Dialogue
Preparing for Peace building
Good Governance after Conflict
Media and Arts for Peace
Design, Monitoring, and Evaluation for Programming in Fragile Environments
Religion and Peace building
Gender equality in Peace building

Application Process:
Do follow the link below to apply for the program

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
Do follow the link below to apply for the program

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.