Title: Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarships 2025 | Study in Canada | Vanier CSG - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Canada

Financial coverage:
Partially Funded

Deadline:
October 30, 2024

Eligibility Criteria :
Ready to start the application process for this scholarship in Canada 2025? Before proceeding, check your eligibility below for the Canadian scholarship for international students to ensure you meet the Vanier Canada graduate scholarships requirements.
Eligibility criteria of the Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarships 2025:
The applicant and the nominating university must meet the requirements.
International students, Canadian citizens, and permanent residents of Canada can apply for this scholarship in Canada.
They must pursue a PhD for the first time and be full-time students at Canadian institutions.
Furthermore, they must be nominated by only one institute/university under the Vanier CGS universities quota.
Applicants must intend to pursue a full-time doctoral degree in the summer semester or the academic year of the announcement of results.
Applicants pursuing joint professional degree programs such as MD/PhD, DVM/PhD, or JD/PhD are eligible for the scholarship. However, only the PhD program will be funded.
Students must have completed no more than twenty months of full-time study in a doctoral program by 1 May 2025 (for a doctoral program that will begin after a master’s degree. The time is calculated from the doctoral enrolment date).
Applicants must have completed no more than 32 months of their full-time study in a doctoral program by 1 May 2025 (for doctoral programs enrolled in a joint graduate research program that started directly after a bachelor’s without obtaining a master’s degree. The time period is calculated from the starting date on which the student is officially registered in the joint graduate program).
They shall not receive any other award, scholarship or funding for PhD program.
Furthermore, applicants must have a significant research history or component in the research proposal.
Applicants must have achieved a first-class average in the last two years of full-time study as part of the Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarship eligibility.
Moreover, applicants must not receive or have received any other fellowship or scholarship from the following three agencies: CIHR, NSERC, or SSHRC.

Benefits :
The Canada government scholarship for international students is a fantastic opportunity with benefits. You must check the benefits of the Vanier Canada scholarships and apply right now. Opportunities Circle has listed the benefits below:
Benefits of the Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarships 2025:
Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarship will grant $50,000 per annum for three years of the PhD program.
The CGS grant is almost enough to cover tuition fees and living expenses in Canada as a student.
A chance to study at a top Canadian institute of the applicant’s choice.
Scholarship recipients will get an opportunity to visit Canada for free with the Vanier Canada graduate scholarships.

Required Documents for Vanier CGS 2025:
A ResearchNet application form.
Canadian common CV (CCV/Resume).
A nomination letter of a maximum of two pages.
Institution transcripts.
Personal Leadership Statement of a maximum of two pages for English or 2.5 pages for French applications.
Two Leadership reference Letters of a maximum of two pages each.
Research proposal of a maximum of two pages for English or 2.5 pages for French applications.
Project references of a maximum of five pages.
Research contributions of a maximum of one page.
Proof of special circumstances of a maximum of one page (optional).
Two referee assessments.
Other application material of part-time status or MD/PhD program timeline of a maximum of one page (optional).
For more details about the requirements,
click here
.

Application Process:
Want to know how to get Vanier Canada graduate scholarship? The process below will explain how you can apply for this Canadian scholarship.
Applicants cannot directly apply to Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarships 2025; before that, they must choose an institution/university first.
Applicants should start by looking into Canadian universities to ensure Vanier’s CGS quota for the institute of their choice; then, the applicant must be nominated by the institution for the scholarship.
After the first step, start the Research Net application form and meet all the criteria for Vanier Canada graduate scholarship 2025.
The application form for the Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarships 2025 can be filled in French or English language only.
Check the format in which the required documents will be attached and complete all the mandatory steps. Recheck the form to make sure nothing is missed.
Submit the application to the nominating institute before the internal deadline ends.
Nominating institute/university will forward recommended nominations to the Secretariat.
One student can be nominated by only one institute; if multiple institutes are interested in nominating the same individual, they must choose one institute, as numerous nominations for the same individual will be rejected.
If the application is selected for scholarship nomination, the applicant will receive an automated email and ResearchNet about the acknowledgement.
The nominee is responsible for contacting the institute for information regarding application and selection.
Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarships Application Deadline:
There are two deadlines for the Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarships 2025.
For students: Institution Internal Deadline. This is the institution’s deadline, which will appear on the ResearchNet. Every institution has a different internal deadline. The applicants must follow this deadline.
For institutions: Scholarship Program Deadline. The deadline for nominating students for the Vanier Canada scholarships is
30
October 2024
.
Do not miss this opportunity to study in Canada, and start your application for Vanier CGS 2025 today!