Title: Wang Gungwu Visiting Fellowship 2026 in Singapore | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Singapore

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Deadline:
July 30, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you searching for a fellowship program to study abroad? If yes, then this visiting program opportunity is for you. Before starting the application, check the criteria and requirements listed below in this section.
Eligibility Criteria of the Wang Gungwu Visiting Fellowship 2026:
The fellowship is open to international students from all over the world.
The program is open for post-doctoral researchers and mid-career policy makers.
Mid-career policy makers who don’t hold a Ph.D. or equivalent degree with an appropriate level of professional experience and research interest are also eligible to apply.
Should have an interest in priority research areas.

Benefits :
Before applying, check the financial coverage and benefits of this fully funded fellowship program. Opportunities circle has stated the benefits of Wang Gungwu Fellowship for international students below.
Benefits of the Wang Gungwu Visiting Fellowship 2026:
A fixed monthly stipend for the duration of their fellowship, which includes a housing subsidy.
Round-trip economy airfare from their home country and Singapore will also be provided.
Fellows will enjoy fee access to office space, ISEAS Library, computer equipment and IT services and other facilities at ISEAS.
Fellows will get a chance to meet Professor Wang Gungwu.
It is a great networking and learning opportunity for researchers.
Amazing chance to visit Singapore for free.

Wang Gungwu Visiting Fellowship 2026 Requirements:
Cover Letter
CV/Resume
Research Statement (3 pages, double-spaced)
Two Reference Letters
Proposal for partial/full cost-sharing (if applicable)

Application Process:
The application process for the Wang Gungwu Visiting Fellowship 2026 in Singapore is online.
Applicants can submit the application by email to
[email protected]
.
The email subject should be: Application for ISEAS Wang Gungwu Visiting Fellows Programme 2026 – [First Name and Last Name]
Two referees should provide the Reference letters via email to:
[email protected]
.
Make sure to submit a complete application with all the required documents.
Submit your application carefully before the WGW VFP 2026 deadline.
WGW Visiting Fellowship 2026 Deadline:
The last date to apply for the Wang Gungwu Visiting Fellowship 2026 in Singapore is
30 July 2025.