Title: We Are Together International Prize 2025 | Win $10,000 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Russia/Different

Financial coverage:
Paid

Deadline:
May 20, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Do you have a project working towards social change? If you do, you must apply for the We Are Together International Prize 2025. Before you do, make sure to read the eligibility criteria and requirements below.
Eligibility Criteria for We Are Together International Prize 2025:
The We Are Together Prize is open to individuals and organizations from around the world.
The award is offered yearly and there are no gender, nationality or residence restrictions.
Similarly, participants must be at least 18 years old to participate in the We Are Together International Prize 2025.
To be eligible for this award, We Are Together encourages projects that have been implemented or are under implementation, but have tangible results.
Applicants must submit applications for one of the nominations mentioned above. Applicants can submit one application per nomination.

Benefits :
If you meet the eligibility criteria above, you should definitely apply for this international award by We Are Together. Also, go through the various benefits. Opportunities Circle has listed the advantages for you below.
Benefits of We Are Together Prize 2025:
The program offers access to expert support and guidance from professionals in the field, guests and leading experts. Hence, ensuring valuable insights and assistance.
We Are Together International Prize offers the opportunity to win cash prizes. It is offering $10,000 (currency subject to organizer’s decision), recognizing the project’s merit and contribution.
Potential for collaboration and partnership as the initiative seeks adherents and partners globally among applicants.
In addition, the prize will also increase project visibility through sharing information with a global audience, enhancing its reach and impact.
It also offers an opportunity to participate in the prestigious International Forum of Civil Participation and the Award Ceremony.
Chance to visit Russia and become a part of an international expert community.

Application Process:
Do you want to know how to apply for the We Are Together Prize 2025?
If you want to apply for this Social Change Award 2025, click the ‘apply now’ button below or visit the official application portal.
All applicants must carefully fill in the participant registration form.
Ensure you and your project meet the eligibility criteria and requirements for this Prize in 2025.
There is no application fee to enter.
Between June and August 2025, regional experts will evaluate the applications. In September 2025, the directorate will conduct evaluations.
Similarly, the Award Ceremony will take place in December 2025.
All applicants must apply before the deadline.
Application Deadline for We Are Together International Prize 2025:
The deadline to apply for the We Are Together International Prize is
20 May 2025
.