Title: WHO Internship Program 2025 in Switzerland | Fully Funded - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Switzerland/Different

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligibility Criteria :
Do these WHO internships in Europe for international students sound interesting to you? If it does, make sure you go through the WHO Internship program 2025 eligibility criteria that Opportunities Circle has compiled for you below.
Eligibility Criteria for the WHO Internship 2025:
Applicants must be at least twenty years old on the date of application.
They must be enrolled in any university or equivalent institution for formal qualification (undergraduate, graduate, or postgraduate).
Their qualification must be in a public health, medical, or social field related to WHO technical work or management, communications, administrative, or external relations-related field.
Applicants who have already completed their degree are also eligible if they apply for the internship within six months following the completion of their qualification.
They must have completed three years of their degree.
Anyone in an Undergraduate program, Master’s, or a PhD applicant can apply.
There is not any language test requirement, such as IELTS, but applicants must be fluent in at least one of the WHO office working languages.
Applicants must not be related to a WHO staff member (e.g., daughter, son, brother, sister, mother, or father).
Applicants must have not previously participated in any of the WHO’s Internship Programme.
Applicants must have a valid passport from a WHO Member State.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria mentioned above? If yes so, keep reading about the benefits of this WHO Internship 2024 in Switzerland. This is a fantastic Switzerland internship for students to work in Europe.
Benefits of the WHO Internship Programme 2025:
The WHO internship program will provide a living allowance to eligible canddiates.
WHO will provide all interns with free Medical and Accident Insurance.
WHO interns will get lunch vouchers at some duty stations.
Internees can also get a certificate or a recommendation letter after completing the world health internship program.
An opportunity to visit Europe for free.
It is an amazing chance for students to get international experience and exposure.

Required Documents for the WHO Internship Program 2025
Resume or CV
Letter of Recommendation from a professor or employer.
Cover Letter

Application Process:
The application process for the World Health Internship programme is online.
Click on the
Apply Now
button to start your application.
On the official website, check your eligibility, click the apply now button, and you will be redirected to the page where all the internships are available.
Select the WHO internship of your choice, check its deadline, and apply for it.
Applicants must fill out the application form and upload the required documents.
WHO Internship Deadline:
The last date to apply for the WHO Internship Program 2025 in Switzerland is different for every WHO internship.

Application Process:
The application process for the World Health Internship programme is online.
Click on the
Apply Now
button to start your application.
On the official website, check your eligibility, click the apply now button, and you will be redirected to the page where all the internships are available.
Select the WHO internship of your choice, check its deadline, and apply for it.
Applicants must fill out the application form and upload the required documents.
WHO Internship Deadline:
The last date to apply for the WHO Internship Program 2025 in Switzerland is different for every WHO internship.