Title: WHO Free Online Courses | OpenWHO - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Online

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Join Our OC Community. Join 80,000+ other youth leaders and get help from them in shaping your future
click here to request to join
. You can also follow us on
instagram

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you also looking forward to enroll for the free courses offered by the World Health Organization? If yes, then check the criteria and requirements to register for the OpenWHO courses below.
Eligibility Criteria for the WHO Free Online Courses:
Everyone can apply for these free courses.
People who want to apply must be passionate and collaborative.
No academic restrictions to apply for the WHO short courses.
There are no prerequisites.
No nationality restrictions.
Medical students are also encouraged to apply for the World Health Organization courses.
You must have a laptop or computer to access the course.
Moreover, good internet is required for these OpenWHO free courses.

Benefits :
In this section, you can check what benefits are offered to learners worldwide as a part of these programs for healthcare professionals. Opportunities Circle has listed the benefits below. Make sure to read the details before you proceed to register.
Benefits of WHO Free Online Courses 2024:
These online courses are totally free; there is no registration fee.
It is a free course that caters to all people who have the potential to learn.
The courses are offered in the local languages ​​of the communities.
Individuals can access their own progress throughout the WHO free courses.
OpenWHO courses will help you in your career as well.
Gain knowledge and upgrade skills.

Application Process:
The registration process for the WHO free courses is online. Click on the
apply now
button below to start learning with these free courses.
In 2025, OpenWHO underwent a redesign and removed as many access barriers as possible.
The platform no longer requires user registration or offers certificates. Instead, the emphasis is on videos, slides and practical learning resources that can be accessed easily.
There is no deadline to apply for the OpenWHO courses. Start learning now!

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Application Process:
The registration process for the WHO free courses is online. Click on the
apply now
button below to start learning with these free courses.
In 2025, OpenWHO underwent a redesign and removed as many access barriers as possible.
The platform no longer requires user registration or offers certificates. Instead, the emphasis is on videos, slides and practical learning resources that can be accessed easily.
There is no deadline to apply for the OpenWHO courses. Start learning now!

Increase your chances of acceptance for the program by using our
professional services

Disclaimer:
“Opportunities Circle is an opportunities portal that helps connect youth with various opportunities. We strive to provide a platform for youth to discover and apply for opportunities that align with their goals and interests. However, it is important to note that Opportunities Circle is not the main donor for any of the opportunities listed on our platform. We do not take responsibility for any fraud or other issues that may arise from the donor agency. While we take care to thoroughly check and verify the opportunities before posting them, we cannot guarantee the authenticity or reliability of all opportunities. It is the responsibility of the applicant to do their own due diligence and research before applying to any opportunity. Opportunities Circle is not liable for any loss or damage that may result from applying to or participating in an opportunity listed on our platform.”

Opportunities Circle is world’s leading opportunities Discovering platform

Join thousands of ambitious young people getting daily updates on scholarships, fellowships, and internships tailored for you.