Title: World Forum for Democracy 2025 in France - Opportunities Circle

Country:
France

Financial coverage:
Partially Funded

Deadline:
May 17, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you ready to visit Europe and participate in the WFD 2025? Then check the criteria to ensure your eligibility and start preparing your application right now.
Eligibility Criteria for the World Forum for Democracy in France 2025:
Open to innovative global initiatives aimed at strengthening democratic systems.
Projects should address social and economic inequalities affecting public trust in democracy.
The program will provide support for artists facing censorship and efforts defending artistic freedom.
Initiatives that safeguard press freedom, support independent journalism, and counter media bias.
Moreover, applicants must be able to work and communicate in English.
One presenter for the selected initiatives must be available to participate in the World Forum.
Applicants must be motivated to contribute to creating new ideas on democracy and peace.

Benefits :
Before starting the application process for the conference in Europe, you must read the benefits and financial coverage of the World Forum for Democracy Conference. Opportunities circle has listed the benefits below.
Benefits of the Youth Delegation in the World Forum 2025:
One presenter for the selected initiatives will attend the World Forum in Strasbourg.
Travel and accommodation expenses may be covered by the Council of Europe if required.
Moreover, the World Forum is an excellent opportunity to share your voice and get exposure at an international platform.
Chance to meet like-minded people who share the same ideology.

Application Process:
Wondering how to apply for the World Forum for Democracy in France.
Click on the ‘apply now’ button to access the application. The link to the official call is given
here
.
Applicants should provide complete information.
Public or private organizations interested in applying must complete the questionnaire and send the completed application form through email to to
[email protected]
Candidates for the World Forum for Democracy 2025 must apply before the deadline.
World Forum for Democracy Application Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the World Democracy Forum is
17 May 2025
.