Title: WTO Internship Programme 2025 | Paid Internship Program - Opportunities Circle

Country:
Switzerland

Financial coverage:
Paid

Deadline:
December 31, 2025

Eligibility Criteria :
Are you interested in writing and want to apply for the WTO Internship Programme 2025? Wait! Check the criteria and requirements to ensure your eligibility before starting your application. Opportunities Circle has listed the criteria below.
Eligibility Criteria for the World Trade Organization Internship Programme 2025:
Applicants should be between 21 and 30 years of age.
Applicants must be nationals of a WTO member state country.
Moreover, applicants can be nationals of a country, state, or territory that is currently engaged in accession negotiations.
Applicants should have completed their undergraduate studies in a relevant discipline.
Furthermore, applicants should have completed a minimum of one year of their post-graduation degree.

Benefits :
Going to apply for the 2025 WTO Internship Programme? Check what costs and expenses will be covered by the World Trade Organization. Following are the benefits of fully funded international awards.
Benefits of the WTO Internship Programme 2025 in Switzerland:
Interns will get a stipend of CHF 60 per day.
Students will get a chance to increase their knowledge while working in a real-life environment.
An opportunity to polish your skills and learn new skills that will help you in your life.
Students will get international exposure.
A chance to learn from top mentors in your relevant field.
The WTO Internship 2025 is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for all the students.

Application Process:
The application process for the World Trade Organization Internship Programme 2025 is online.
Students have to apply through the
WTO external jobs platform
.
Their system will provide further instructions for the online application procedures.
Applicants must select the area of their interest.
Make sure to provide all the supporting documents that will be required in the application form.
Applicants must complete their application carefully and submit it as soon as possible.
WTO Internship Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the World Trade Organization Internship Programme 2025 is
31 December 2025
. However, applications are accepted on an ongoing basis.