Title: Zayed Sustainability Prize 2025-2026 - Opportunities Circle

Country:
UAE

Financial coverage:
Fully Funded

Eligibility Criteria :
Do you want to apply for the Zayed Sustainability Prize? If yes, make sure to go through the eligibility criteria for this international award in United Arab Emirates. The criteria for all categories is compiled below.
Eligibility Criteria for Zayed Sustainability Prize 2025-26:
HEALTH:
This category recognizes organizations that have demonstrated innovative, impactful, and inspiring sustainability solutions in the areas of health, including, but not limited to:
Ensure access to essential and affordable healthcare
Guarantee access to maternal and newborn health care
End epidemics (AIDS, malaria, tuberculosis, etc.)
Prevention and treatment of communicable and non-communicable diseases transmitted by water
Reduce diseases caused by pollution, dangerous chemicals, and pollution.
Organizations must also demonstrate a clear vision and long-term plan to implement their solution further, increase its impact, and inspire others to follow suit and promote human and sustainable development.
To be eligible for this category, organizations must be small or medium-sized businesses (SME) or non-profit organizations (NPO).
FOOD
:
This category recognizes organizations that have demonstrated innovative, impactful, and inspiring sustainability solutions in the areas of food, including, but not limited to:
Reduce hunger and malnutrition
Increase agricultural or other food processing productivity
Promotion of sustainable food production
Organizations must also demonstrate a clear vision and long-term plan to implement their solution further, increase its impact, and inspire others to follow suit and promote human and sustainable development.
To be eligible for this category, organizations must be small or medium-sized businesses (SME) or non-profit organizations (NPO).
ENERGY:
This category recognizes organizations that have demonstrated innovative, impactful, and inspiring sustainability solutions in the areas of energy that include, but are not limited to:
Ensure access to affordable and reliable clean energy
Increase clean energy production
Improving energy efficiency
Introduction of new forms of clean energy or other technological innovations.
Organizations must also demonstrate a clear vision and long-term plan to implement their solution further, increase its impact, and inspire others to follow suit and promote human and sustainable development.
To be eligible for this category, organizations must be small or medium-sized businesses (SME) or non-profit organizations (NPO).
WATER:
This category recognizes organizations that can demonstrate innovative, impactful, and inspiring sustainability solutions in the areas of water that include, but are not limited to:
Ensure access to safe and affordable drinking water
Ensuring access to sanitation and hygiene
Increase the efficiency of water use
Improving water quality
Organizations must also demonstrate a clear vision and long-term plan to implement their solution further, increase its impact, and inspire others to follow suit and promote human and sustainable development.
To be eligible for this category, organizations must be small or medium-sized businesses (SMEs) or non-profit organizations (NPO).
GLOBAL HIGH SCHOOLS
The global high school’s category recognizes high schools or high schools from six global geographic regions that propose innovative, impactful, and inspiring sustainability projects in the areas of health, food, energy, and/or water.
The proposed project could be in one area (e.g., water) or a combination of areas (e.g., energy, water, food, and health).
The award is intended to encourage students to develop and implement their sustainability ideas and is not intended for administrative projects or educational reforms in the school.
The award in this category is not awarded for past achievements but will allow students from winning high schools to implement sustainability projects in their own schools. These student-led projects must demonstrate innovative approaches to address sustainability challenges and inspire students to participate in sustainable development.

Benefits :
Do you meet the eligibility criteria above? If you do, you must go through the various benefits of the Zayed Sustainability Prize 2025. Opportunities Circle has listed the benefits below.
Benefits of the Zayed Sustainability Prize:
The total prize fund is USD $5.9 million for Zayd Sustainability Prize is distributed as follows:
Health USD $1,000,000
Food USD $1,000,000
Energy USD $1,000,000
Water USD $1,000,000
Climate Action USD $1,000,000
Global High Schools USD $900,000
(divided amongst six schools; awarding each up to USD $150,000)

Application Process:
If you want to apply for the Zayed Sustainability Prize 2026, make sure to visit the official application portal or you can click the ‘apply now’ button that will redirect you to the official page.
All entries should be submitted through the submission portal. Register your entry using your email to participate in the contest.
All entries will be assessed based on impact, innovation and inspiration.
All submissions undergo a thorough evaluation to ensure they meet the prize’s criteria.
Similarly, the Selection Committee carefully examines each entry and forwards the final selections to the Jury.
Final decisions are made collectively, with all members of the Jury reaching a consensus.
Make sure to apply before the deadline.
Zayed Sustainability Prize Deadline:
The deadline to apply for the Zayed Sustainability Prize is
June 2025
.